"Bangli is a regency (kabupaten) of Bali, Indonesia. It has an area of 520.81 km2 and population of 197,210 (2004). Its regency seat is Bangli.Up till 1907, Bangli was one of the nine kingdoms of Bali. The capital has a famous Hindu temple, the Pura Kehen, which dates from the 11th century. Bangli also has one village, lies surround a hill, Demulih.The northern part of the district included the main road to the north coast passing through Kintamani and around the crater in which Gunung Batur sits From the Demulih hill, Bali Island, particularly its southern part can be seen – Kuta, Nusa Dua, Gianyar and a part of Klungkung."
"Gianyar is a regency (kabupaten) in the Indonesian province and island of Bali, Indonesia. It has an area of 368 km2 and population of 470,380, making it the second most densely populated district in Bali (after Badung).  Its regency seat is Gianyar.  The civil registry survey of April 2011 listed 480,447 people, of which 469,929 were classified as Hindu.The town of Ubud, a centre of art and tourism, is located in Gianyar."
"Metro La Paz (Official Name: Area Metropolitana de La Paz) is located on the west side of Bolivia, with a population of more than 2.3 million inhabitants joining the cities of La Paz, El Alto,and Viacha, it is the most populous urban area of Bolivia. At an altitude that can reach more than of 4,000 meters above the sea level, it is the highest metropolitan city in the world."
"Purbalingga Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the southwestern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Purbalingga Regency has an area of 677.55 km² and population of 848,952 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 859,364. The administrative capital is the town of Purbalingga."
"Temanggung Regency (Kabupaten Temanggung) is a regency in the Central Java Province of Indonesia. Its capital is Temanggung.All travelers going to the Dieng temple complex from Yogya or Semarang have to pass this regency. Temanggung Regency is famous for longan, a small sweet fruit that is harvested in January and February."
"Puyo, also known as El Puyo, is the capital of Pastaza, a province in Ecuador. Puyo is located at an altitude of approximately 950 AMSL by the Puyo River, a tributary of the Pastaza River, which eventually leads into the Amazon River. True to its name, derived from the Kichwa word for ""cloudy"", the local climate is a wet one and the weather is often overcast.Puyo was founded in 1899. Located between Baños, and the Amazonian cities of Tena and Macas, Puyo is the commercial, cultural and political capital of the region. The city is connected by road to Ambato, Tena, and Macas and from there to the major urban areas of Ecuador. In late 2006, the city had approximately 25,000 inhabitants. It was the fastest growing city in Ecuador in 2006. The seasonal changes in the climate are relatively small, and daytime temperature typically range between 18-24 °C, with sun and generally short, but heavy periods of rain daily.A small airport is located in the small town of Shell, approximately 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north-west of Puyo. Small aircraft, both private and commercial, depart daily to small airstrips in the Amazon Rainforest, and occasionally to Quito in the case of severe medical emergencies.The Puyo Carnaval, a famous Ecuadorian holiday, is celebrated each year in the days leading up to Lent. The custom is to have small neighbourhood parties, and water fights are sometimes involved. Other major holidays are the Day of the Ecuadorian East Amazon on February 12, and the chonta-palm festival."
"Demoso (Burmese: ဒီမောဆိုးမြို့) is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma."
"Tais cloth is a form of traditional weaving created by the women of East Timor. An essential part of the nation's cultural heritage, tais weavings are used for ceremonial adornment, home decor, and personal apparel. The Catholic Church of East Timor has also adopted the use of tais during its ceremonies. Because of the Indonesian occupation of East Timor, detailed study of the history and importance of the tais began only after 2000."
"Subulussalam is a city ((Indonesian) Kota) in Aceh province of Indonesia. Since 2 January 2007, the provincial government of Aceh declared Subussalam as city as a result of the administration expansion from Aceh Singkil Regency. It is located at 2°38′32″N 98°00′15″E. As of 2010, the population was 67,316. and has an area of 1206 square kilometres."
"Amarna (Arabic: العمارنة al-‘amārnah‎) is an extensive Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly established and built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty (c. 1353 BC), and abandoned shortly afterwards. The name for the city employed by the ancient Egyptians is written as Akhetaten (or Akhetaton—transliterations vary) in English transliteration. Akhetaten means ""Horizon of the Aten"".The area is located on the east bank of the Nile River in the modern Egyptian province of Minya, some 58 km (36 mi) south of the city of al-Minya, 312 km (194 mi) south of the Egyptian capital Cairo and 402 km (250 mi) north of Luxor.  The city of Deir Mawas lies directly west across from the site of Amarna.  Amarna, on the east side, includes several modern villages, chief of which are el-Till in the north and el-Hagg Qandil in the south.The area was also occupied during later Roman and early Christian times; excavations to the south of the city have found several structures from this period."
"Annapolis (/əˈnæpəlɨs/) is the capital of the U.S. state of Maryland, as well as the county seat of Anne Arundel County. Situated on the Chesapeake Bay at the mouth of the Severn River, 25 miles (40 km) south of Baltimore and about 30 miles (48 km) east of Washington, DC, Annapolis is part of the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area. Its population was measured at 38,394 by the 2010 census.The city served as the seat of the Continental Congress in 1783–84 and was the site of the 1786 Annapolis Convention (which called for the Constitutional Convention held the following year) and the Annapolis Peace Conference, held in 2007. Annapolis is the home of the United States Naval Academy and the original campus of St. John's College."
"Apia is the capital and the largest city of Samoa. From 1900 to 1919 was the capital of the German Samoa. The city is located on the central north coast of Upolu, Samoa's second largest island. Apia is the only ""city"" in Samoa and falls within the political district (itūmālō) of Tuamasaga.The Apia Urban Area has a population of 37,708 (2006 Census) and is generally referred to as the City of Apia. The geographic boundaries of Apia Urban Area is mainly from Letogo village to the new industrialized region of Apia known as Vaitele."
"Ashgabat (Turkmen: Aşgabat, pronounced [aʃʁaˈbat]; Persian: اشک آباد‎; Russian: Ашхабáд, tr. Ashkhabad; IPA: [ɐʂxɐˈbat], formerly Poltoratsk (Russian: Полтора́цк; IPA: [pəltɐˈrat͡sk]) between 1919 and 1927) is the capital of, and the largest city in, Turkmenistan in Central Asia, situated between the Kara Kum desert and the Kopet Dag mountain range. The 2001 census estimated a population of 695,300, while the 2009 census estimated a population of 1 million, primarily Turkmen people, with ethnic minorities of Russians, Armenians and Azerbaijanis. It is 250 kilometres (155 miles) from the second largest city in Iran, Mashhad.The Karakum Canal runs through the city, carrying waters from the Amu Darya from east to west."
"Astana (/əsˈtɑːnə/, US /æsˈtɑːnə/; Kazakh: Астана) is the capital city of Kazakhstan. It is located on the Ishim River in the north portion of Kazakhstan, within Akmola Province, though administrated separately from the province as a federal city area. The 2014 census reported a population of 835,153 within the city, making it the second-largest city in Kazakhstan.Founded in 1830, it was known as Akmolinsk (Russian: Акмолинск) until 1961, when the name was changed to Tselinograd (Russian: Целиноград) to mark the city's evolution a cultural and administrative center of the Virgin Lands Campaign. In 1992, it was renamed Akmola (Kazakh: Ақмола), the modified original name meaning ""white holy place"" or ""white abundance"". On 10 December 1997, Akmola became the capital of Kazakhstan. On 6 May 1998, it was renamed Astana, which means the capital in Kazakh. Since becoming the capital, Astana has undergone tremendous growth. It is home to many futuristic buildings, hotels and skyscrapers. In addition to serving as government headquarters, Astana is center for sports, healthcare and education."
"Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Asunción (Spanish pronunciation: [asunˈsjon], Guarani: Paraguay) is the capital and largest city of Paraguay.The Ciudad de Asunción is an autonomous capital district not part of any department. The metropolitan area, called Gran Asunción, includes the cities of San Lorenzo, Fernando de la Mora, Lambaré, Luque, Mariano Roque Alonso, Ñemby, San Antonio, Limpio, Capiatá and Villa Elisa, which are part of the Central Department. The Asunción metropolitan area has more than 2 million inhabitants. The Municipality of Asunción is listed on the Asunción Stock Exchange, as BVPASA: MUA, a unique feature of any city.It is the home of the national government, principal port, and the chief industrial and cultural centre of the country."
"Bandar Seri Begawan (Jawi: بندر سري بڬاوان ; Malay: [ˌbanda səˌri bəˈɡawan]) with an estimated population of more than 200,000 (in 2014), is the capital and largest city of the Sultanate of Brunei."
"Belgrade (/ˈbɛlɡreɪd/; Serbian: Београд/Beograd; [beǒɡrad] (13px ); names in other languages) is the capital and largest city of Serbia. It is located at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers, where the Pannonian Plain meets the Balkans. Its name translates to White city. The city has a population of 1.23 million, while over 1.65 million people live in its metro area (which encompass administrative limits of City of Belgrade).One of the most important prehistoric cultures of Europe, the Vinča culture, evolved within the Belgrade area in the 6th millennium BC. In antiquity, Thraco-Dacians inhabited the region, and after 279 BC Celts conquered the city, naming it Singidūn. It was conquered by the Romans during the reign of Augustus, and awarded city rights in the mid-2nd century. It was settled by the Slavs in the 520s, and changed hands several times between the Byzantine Empire, Frankish Empire, Bulgarian Empire and Kingdom of Hungary before it became the capital of Serbian King Stephen Dragutin (1282–1316). In 1521, Belgrade was conquered by the Ottoman Empire and became the seat of the Sanjak of Smederevo. It frequently passed from Ottoman to Habsburg rule, which saw the destruction of most of the city during the Austro-Ottoman wars. Belgrade was again named the capital of Serbia in 1841. Northern Belgrade remained the southernmost Habsburg post until 1918, when the city was reunited. As a strategic location, the city was battled over in 115 wars and razed to the ground 44 times. Belgrade was the capital of Yugoslavia (in various forms of governments) from its creation in 1918, to its final dissolution in 2006.Belgrade has a special administrative status within Serbia and it is one of five statistical regions of Serbia. Its metropolitan territory is divided into 17 municipalities, each with its own local council. It covers 3.6% of Serbia's territory, and 22.5% of the country's population lives in the city. Belgrade has been awarded many titles, and is classified as a Beta- global city."
"Benicia is a waterside city in Solano County, California, United States.  It served as the state capital for nearly thirteen months from 1853 to 1854.  The population was 26,997 at the 2010 census. The city is located in the San Francisco Bay Area along the north bank of the Carquinez Strait. Benicia is just east of Vallejo and across the strait from Martinez.  Elizabeth Patterson has served as Mayor of Benicia since 2007.The town can be divided into four areas: the East Side (east of First Street), the West Side (west of First Street), Southampton (the newer suburban neighborhoods north of Interstate 780), and the industrial park. Most of the town's older homes are on the east and west sides.  Southampton contains primarily single-family housing developments and condominiums, most of which were built between 1970 and 2000.  The East Side includes the Benicia Arsenal, a former United States Army armory, which was bought by the city and is now used for a variety of purposes, most notably as live-work spaces for artists.  The Arsenal is home to several historic (ca. 1860) landmark buildings such as The Clock Tower, the Camel Barn, and the Jefferson Street Mansion.  The industrial park lies to the northeast of the residential areas of the city, and includes the Valero oil refinery. The Benicia State Recreation Area is on the far west edge of the city.The main retail area in Benicia is First Street, which attracts out-of-town antique and boutique shoppers and those seeking small-town, historic charm.  In 1987 Benicia was selected to participate in the California Main Street Program.Connections to Benicia include Interstate 680 from Martinez to the south and Cordelia Junction (Fairfield) to the north, and Interstate 780, Columbus Parkway, and other local roads from Vallejo to the west.  Amtrak also runs past the city north towards Sacramento, but the nearest train station lies in Martinez across the Carquinez Strait.  Railroad tracks carrying Amtrak and Union Pacific Railroad lines cross the strait alongside the Benicia–Martinez Bridge."
"Canberra (/ˈkænb(ə)rə/ or /kænˈbɛrə/)is the capital city of Australia. With a population of 381,488, it is Australia's largest inland city and the eighth-largest city overall. The city is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), 280 km (170 mi) south-west of Sydney, and 660 km (410 mi) north-east of Melbourne. A resident of Canberra is known as a ""Canberran"".The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation's capital in 1908 as a compromise between rivals Sydney and Melbourne, Australia's two largest cities. It is unusual among Australian cities, being an entirely planned city outside of any state, similar to Washington, D.C. in the United States or Brasilia in Brazil. Following an international contest for the city's design, a blueprint by the Chicago architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913. The Griffins' plan featured geometric motifs such as circles, hexagons and triangles, and was centred on axes aligned with significant topographical landmarks in the Australian Capital Territory.The city's design was influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title of the ""bush capital"". The growth and development of Canberra were hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression, which exacerbated a series of planning disputes and the ineffectiveness of a procession of bodies that were created in turn to oversee the development of the city. The national capital emerged as a thriving city after World War II, as Prime Minister Robert Menzies championed its development and the National Capital Development Commission was formed with executive powers. Although the Australian Capital Territory is now self-governing, the federal government retains some influence through the National Capital Authority.As the seat of the government of Australia, Canberra is the site of Parliament House, the High Court and numerous government departments and agencies. It is also the location of many social and cultural institutions of national significance, such as the Australian War Memorial, Australian National University, Australian Institute of Sport, National Gallery, National Museum and the National Library. The Australian Army's officer corps are trained at the Royal Military College, Duntroon and the Australian Defence Force Academy is also located in the capital.The ACT, like Washington, D.C. in the United States, is independent of any state, to prevent any one state from gaining an advantage by hosting the seat of Federal power. Unlike Washington, however, the ACT has voting representation in the Federal Parliament, and has its own independent Legislative Assembly and government, similar to the states.As the city has a high proportion of public servants, the federal government contributes the largest percentage of Gross State Product and is the largest single employer in Canberra. As the seat of government, the unemployment rate is lower and the average income higher than the national average, while property prices are relatively high, in part due to comparatively restricted development regulations. Tertiary education levels are higher, while the population is younger."
"Charlotte Amalie (/ˈʃɑrlət əˈmɑːljə/ or /-ˈæməliː/), located on St. Thomas, is the capital and largest city of the U.S. Virgin Islands, founded in 1666 as Taphus (meaning ""beer houses"" or ""beer halls"" ). In 1691, the town was renamed to Amalienborg (in English Charlotte Amalie) after Charlotte Amalie of Hesse-Kassel (1650–1714), queen consort to King Christian V of Denmark. It contains a deep-water harbor that was once a haven for pirates and is now one of the busiest port of call for cruise ships in the Caribbean, with about 1.5 million cruise ship passengers landing there in 2004. Protected by Hassel Island, the harbor has docking and fueling facilities, machine shops, and shipyards and was a U.S. submarine base until 1966. The town has been inhabited for centuries. When Christopher Columbus came here in 1493, the area was inhabited by both Island Caribs and Taíno. It is located on the southern shore at the head of Saint Thomas Harbor. In 2010 the city had a population of 18,481, which makes it the largest city in the Virgin Islands Archipelago. Hundreds of ferries and yachts pass through town each week, and at times the population more than doubles.The city is known for its Danish colonial architecture, building structure and history, and a dozen streets and places throughout the city have Danish names. Charlotte Amalie has buildings of historical importance including St. Thomas Synagogue, the second-oldest synagogue in the Western Hemisphere, and the oldest Lutheran church in the Western Hemisphere, the Frederick Lutheran Church. The town has a long history of pirates, especially stories of Bluebeard and Blackbeard (Edward Teach). In the 17th-century, the Danes built both Blackbeard's Castle and Bluebeard's Castle attributed to the pirates. Blackbeard's Castle is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. Another tourist attraction is Fort Christian, the oldest standing structure in the Virgin Islands Archipelago. A copy of the Liberty Bell is located in Emancipation Park, which is a tourist attraction."
"Dushanbe (Tajik: Душанбе) (Persian: دوشنبه) is the capital and largest city of Tajikistan, situated in the western part of the country near the border with Uzbekistan. Dushanbe means ""Monday"" in the Tajik language,. It was so named because it grew from a village that originally had a popular market on Mondays. Until 1929, the city was known in Russian as Dyushambe (Russian: Дюшамбе), and from 1929 to 1961 as Stalinabad (Tajik: Сталинобод). As of 2014, Dushanbe has a population of 778,500."
"Havana (/həˈvænə/; Spanish: La Habana, [la aˈβana] (13px )) is the capital city, province, major port, and leading commercial centre of Cuba. The city proper has a population of 2.1 million inhabitants, and it spans a total of 728.26 km2 (281.18 sq mi) − making it the largest city by area, the most populous city, and the third largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean region. The city extends mostly westward and southward from the bay, which is entered through a narrow inlet and which divides into three main harbours: Marimelena, Guanabacoa and Atarés. The sluggish Almendares River traverses the city from south to north, entering the Straits of Florida a few miles west of the bay.The city of Havana was founded by the Spanish in the 16th century and due to its strategic location it served as a springboard for the Spanish conquest of the continent becoming a stopping point for the treasure-laden Spanish galleons on the crossing between the New World and the Old World. King Philip II of Spain granted Havana the title of City in 1592. Walls as well as forts were built to protect the old city. The sinking of the U.S. battleship Maine in Havana's harbor in 1898 was the immediate cause of the Spanish-American War.Contemporary Havana can essentially be described as three cities in one: Old Havana, Vedado and the newer suburban districts. The city is the center of the Cuban government, and home to various ministries, headquarters of businesses and over 90 diplomatic offices. The current mayor is Marta Hernández from the Communist Party of Cuba (PCC). In 2009, the city/province had the 3rd highest income in the country.The city attracts over a million tourists annually, the Official Census for Havana reports that in 2010 the city was visited by 1,176,627 international tourists, a 20.0% increase from 2005. The historic centre was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1982. The city is also noted for its history, culture, architecture and monuments."
"Heraklion (/hɨˈrækliən/, also Heraclion, Iraklion; (Greek: Ηράκλειο, Irákleio, pronounced [iˈracʎo]) is the largest city and the administrative capital of the island of Crete, Greece. It is one of the largest cities in Greece. According to the results of 2011 census, the population of the city was 173.993 inhabitants while the Heraklion urban area  has a population of 225.574 and extends over an area of 684.3 sq.km.Heraklion is the capital of Heraklion regional unit.The Bronze Age palace of Knossos, also known as the Palace of Minos, is located nearby."
"Jiankang (Chinese: 建康城; pinyin: Jiànkāng chéng) was the capital city of the Eastern Wu , Eastern Jin dynasty (317–420  CE) and Southern Dynasties. Its walls are extant ruins in the modern municipal region of Nanjing."
"Libreville is the capital and largest city of Gabon, in west central Africa. The city is a port on the Komo River, near the Gulf of Guinea, and a trade center for a timber region. As of 2012 it had a population of 797 003."
"Lomé, with a population of  837,437 (metro population  1,570,283), is the capital and largest city of Togo. Located on the Gulf of Guinea, Lomé is the country's administrative and industrial center and its chief port. The city exports coffee, cocoa, copra, and palm kernels. It also has an oil refinery."
"Mérida (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmeɾiða] (13px )) is the capital of the Mexican state of Yucatán and largest city of the Yucatán Peninsula. It is located in the northwest part of the state, about 35 kilometres (22 miles) from the Gulf of Mexico coast. The city is also the municipal seat of the Municipality of Mérida, which includes the city and the areas around it.According to the 2010 census, the population of Mérida was 970,377, ranking 12th among the most populous Mexican metropolitan areas. The municipality's area is 858.41 km2 (331.43 sq mi). The metropolitan area includes the municipalities of Mérida, Umán and Kanasín and had a population of 1,035,238 in the same 2010 census. It is the largest of the four cities of the world that share the name Mérida, the other three being in Spain, Venezuela, and the Philippines.The city, like much of the state, has heavy Mayan, Spanish, French, British, and to a lesser extent Dutch influences. Mérida has the highest percentage of indigenous persons of any large city in Mexico with approximately 60% of all inhabitants being of the Maya ethnicity.Mérida is serviced by Manuel Crescencio Rejón International Airport (IATA airport code: MID)"
"Majuro /ˈmædʒəroʊ/ (Marshallese: Mājro, [mʲæzʲ(ɛ͡ʌ)rˠɤ͡oo̯]) is a large coral atoll of 64 islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands. The atoll itself has a land area of 9.7 square kilometres (3.7 sq mi) and encloses a lagoon of 295 square kilometres (114 sq mi). As with other atolls in the Marshall Islands, Majuro consists of narrow land masses.The main population center, also named Majuro, population 25,400 (as of 2004), is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Marshall Islands.  Majuro has a port, shopping district, hotels, and an international airport."
"Malé (/ˈmɑːl.eɪ/; Dhivehi: މާލެ) is the capital and most populous city in the Republic of Maldives.The city is geographically located at the southern edge of North Malé Atoll (Kaafu Atoll). Administratively, it is a city-class constituency and is governed by the Malé City Council. Traditionally it was the King's Island, from where the ancient Maldive Royal dynasties ruled and where the palace was located. The city was then called ""Mahal"". Formerly it was a walled city surrounded by fortifications and gates (doroshi). The Royal Palace (Gan'duvaru) was destroyed along with the picturesque forts (kotte) and bastions (buruzu) when the city was remodelled under President Ibrahim Nasir's rule in the aftermath of the abolition of the monarchy. However, the beautifully decorated Malé Friday Mosque remains. In recent years, the island has been considerably expanded through land-filling operations. Over the years, with the fight for democracy, Malé has been the epicenter of political protests and milestone events."
"Malabo /məˈlɑːboʊ/ is the capital of Equatorial Guinea, located on the northern coast of Bioko Island (formerly Fernando Pó) on the rim of a sunken volcano. With a  population of 155,963 (2005) it is also the second largest city in the country, after Bata in Río Muni on the African mainland. Oyala is a planned city currently under construction, designed to replace Malabo as the capital."
"Mbabane (/(əm)bɑˈbɑn(i)/, Swazi: ÉMbábáne), with an estimated population of 94,874 (2010), is the capital and largest city in Swaziland. It is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdzimba Mountains. It is located in the district of Hhohho, of which it is also the capital. The average elevation of the city is 1243 meters. The population (estimated) in 1987 was 30,000. It lies on the MR3 road."
"New Delhi (/ˈnjuː dɛli/ (UK), /ˈnuː dɛli/ (US)) is the capital of India and seat of the executive, legislative, and judiciary branches of the Government of India. It is also the centre of the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. New Delhi is situated within the metropolis of Delhi and is one of the eleven districts of Delhi National Capital Territory. The metropolitan area has population of around 23 million and city population is around 11 million.It is said to be place of pandava capital, Indraprastha and a seat of the Tomar Rajputs in early medieval period. The foundation stone of the city was laid by George V, Emperor of India during the Delhi Durbar of 1911. It was designed by British architects, Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931, by India's Viceroy Lord Irwin."
"New Orleans (/nuː ˈɔrlɪnz/, /nuː ˈɔrliənz/, /nuː ɔrˈliːnz/, or /ˈnɔrlənz/; French: La Nouvelle-Orléans [la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃] (13px )) is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana. The population of the city was 343,829 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. The New Orleans metropolitan area (New Orleans–Metairie–Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area) had a population of 1,167,764 in 2010 and was the 46th largest in the United States. The New Orleans–Metairie–Bogalusa Combined Statistical Area, a larger trading area, had a 2010 population of 1,452,502.The city is named after the Duke of Orleans, who reigned as Regent for Louis XV from 1715 to 1723, as it was established by French colonists and strongly influenced by their European culture. It is well known for its distinct French and Spanish Creole architecture, as well as its cross-cultural and multilingual heritage. New Orleans is also famous for its cuisine, music (particularly as the birthplace of jazz), and its annual celebrations and festivals, most notably Mardi Gras, dating to French colonial times. The city is often referred to as the ""most unique"" in the United States.New Orleans is located in southeastern Louisiana, straddling the Mississippi River. The city and Orleans Parish (French: paroisse d'Orléans) are coterminous.  The city and parish are bounded by the parishes of St. Tammany to the north, St. Bernard to the east, Plaquemines to the south, and Jefferson to the south and west. Lake Pontchartrain, part of which is included in the city limits, lies to the north and Lake Borgne lies to the east.Before Hurricane Katrina, Orleans Parish was the most populous parish in Louisiana.  It now ranks third in population behind neighboring Jefferson Parish and East Baton Rouge Parish."
"Nizhny Novgorod (Russian: Нижний Новгород; IPA: [ˈnʲiʐnʲɪj ˈnovɡərət]), colloquially shortened to Nizhny, is, with a population of 1,250,619, the fifth largest city in Russia and the administrative center of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast. From 1932 to 1990, it was known as Gorky (Горький, IPA: [ˈɡorʲkʲɪj]), after the writer Maxim Gorky who was born there. The city is an important economic, transportation and cultural center of Russia and the vast Volga-Vyatka economic region. It is located about 400 km east of Moscow."
"Nukuʻalofa is the capital of the Kingdom of Tonga. It is located on the north coast of the island of Tongatapu, in the southernmost island group of Tonga."
"Ouagadougou (/ˌwɑːɡəˈduːɡuː/; Mossi: [ˈwaɡᵊdᵊɡᵊ]) is the capital of Burkina Faso and the administrative, communications, cultural and economic centre of the nation. It is also the country's largest city, with a population of 1,475,223 (as of 2006). The city's name is often shortened to Ouaga. The inhabitants are called ouagalais. The spelling of the name Ouagadougou is derived from the French orthography common in former French African colonies. If English orthography were used (as in Ghana or Nigeria), the spelling would be Wagadugu.Ouagadougou's primary industries are food processing and textiles. It is served by an international airport, rail links to Abidjan in the Ivory Coast.  There is no rail service to Kaya.  There is a paved highway to Niamey, Niger, south to Ghana, and Southwest to Ivory Coast. Ouagadougou was the site of Ouagadougou grand market, one of the largest markets in West Africa, which burned in 2003 and has since been reopened. Other attractions include the National Museum of Burkina Faso, the Moro-Naba Palace (site of the Moro-Naba Ceremony), the National Museum of Music, and several craft markets."
"Port Moresby (/ˌpɔərt ˈmɔərzbi/; Tok Pisin: Pot Mosbi) is the capital and largest city of Papua New Guinea (PNG). It is located on the shores of the Gulf of Papua, on the southeastern coast of the Papuan Peninsula of the island of New Guinea. The city emerged as a trade centre in second half of the 19th century. During World War II it was a prime objective for conquest by the Imperial Japanese forces during 1942–43 as a staging point and air base to cut off Australia from Southeast Asia and the Americas.In 2000 it had a population of 254,158. As of 2011 it has a population of 364,145, giving it an annual growth rate of 2.1% over a nine-year period. The place where the city was founded has been inhabited by the Motu-Koitabu people for centuries.  The first European to see it was Captain John Moresby in 1873. It was named in honour of his father, Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby.According to a survey of world cities by the Intelligence Unit of The Economist, Port Moresby is one of the world's least livable cities (ranked 139 of 140 cities rated).Although Port Moresby is surrounded by Central Province, of which it is also the capital, it is not part of that province, but forms the National Capital District."
"Port Vila /ˌpɔərt ˈviːlə/ is the capital and largest city of Vanuatu.Its population in the last census (2009) was 44,040, an increase of 50% on the previous census result (29,356 in 1999). In 2009, the population of Port Vila formed 18.8% of the country's population.Situated on the south coast of the island of Efate, in Shefa Province, Port Vila is the economic and commercial centre of Vanuatu. The current mayor is Ulrich Sumptoh, of the Union of Moderate Parties, elected in January 2014; his deputy is Leimara Malachi, of the Vanua'aku Pati."
"Roseau (Kwéyòl: Wozo) is the capital and largest city of Dominica. With a   population of 16,582. It is a small and compact urban settlement, located within the Saint George parish and surrounded by the Caribbean Sea, the Roseau River and Morne Bruce. Built on the site of the ancient Kalinago Indian village of Sairi, it is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island of Dominica.It is located on the west (leeward) coast of Dominica, and is a combination of modern and colonial (French Style) architecture.Roseau is Dominica's most important port for foreign trade. Some exports include bananas, bay oil, vegetables, grapefruit, oranges, and cocoa. The service sector is also a large part of the local economy.There is a prominent diocese called Roman Catholic Diocese of Roseau."
"San Jose (/ˌsæn hoʊˈzeɪ/; Spanish: St. Joseph) is the third-largest city in California, the tenth-largest in the United States, and the county seat of Santa Clara County. San Jose is the largest city within Silicon Valley and the largest city in Northern California.San Jose was founded on November 29, 1777, as El Pueblo de San José de Guadalupe, the first civilian town in the Spanish colony of Nueva California. The city served as a farming community to support Spanish military installations at San Francisco and Monterey. When California gained statehood in 1850, San Jose served as its first capital.After more than 150 years as a small farming community, the San Jose area in the mid-20th century contained some of the last undeveloped land near San Francisco Bay. It then began to experience rapid population growth, much of it coming from veterans returning from World War II. San Jose then continued its aggressive expansion during the 1950s and 1960s by annexing more land area. The rapid growth of the high-technology and electronics industries further accelerated the transition from an agricultural center, to an urbanized metropolitan area.By the 1990s, San Jose's location within the booming local technology industry earned the city the nickname ""Capital of Silicon Valley"". San Jose is now considered to be a global city, and notable for its affluence, and high cost of living.  The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the population of the city to be 998,537 as of July 1, 2013."
"In some cases, the article may state ""D.N."", which strictly refers to the city proper, i.e., excluding the surrounding Santo Domingo Province.Santo Domingo (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsanto ðoˈmiŋɡo], Saint Dominic) known officially as Santo Domingo de Guzmán, is the capital and largest city in the Dominican Republic and is the largest city in the Caribbean region by population. In 2010, Santo Domingo had a population of 965,040, with the metropolitan area reaching a total of 2,907,100. The city lies within the boundaries of the Distrito Nacional (D.N.; ""National District""), itself bordered on three sides by Santo Domingo Province.Founded by Bartholomew Columbus in 1496, on the east bank of the Ozama River and then moved by Nicolás de Ovando in 1502 to the west bank of the river, the city is the oldest continuously inhabited European settlement in the Americas, and was the first seat of the Spanish colonial rule in the New World. Santo Domingo is the site of the first university, cathedral, castle, monastery, and fortress in the New World. The city's Colonial Zone was declared as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Santo Domingo was called Ciudad Trujillo (Spanish pronunciation: [sjuˈðað tɾuˈhiʎo]), from 1936 to 1961, after the Dominican Republic's dictator, Rafael Trujillo, named the capital after himself. Following his assassination, the city resumed its original designation.Santo Domingo is the cultural, financial, political, commercial and industrial center of the Dominican Republic, with the country’s most important industries being located within the city. Santo Domingo also serves as the chief seaport of the country. The city's harbor at the mouth of the Ozama River accommodates the largest vessels, and the port handles both heavy passenger and freight traffic."
"Savannah is the oldest city in the U.S. state of Georgia and is the county seat of Chatham County. Established in 1733, the city of Savannah became the British colonial capital of the Province of Georgia and later the first state capital of Georgia. A strategic port city in the American Revolution and during the American Civil War, Savannah is today an industrial center and an important Atlantic seaport. It is Georgia's fifth-largest city and third-largest metropolitan area.Each year Savannah attracts millions of visitors, who enjoy the city's architecture and historic buildings: the birthplace of Juliette Gordon Low (founder of the Girl Scouts of the United States of America), the Georgia Historical Society (the oldest continually operating historical society in the South), the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences (one of the South's first public museums), the First African Baptist Church (one of the oldest African-American Baptist congregations in the United States), Temple Mickve Israel (the third oldest synagogue in America), and the Central of Georgia Railway roundhouse complex (the oldest standing antebellum rail facility in America).Savannah's downtown area, which includes the Savannah Historic District, the Savannah Victorian Historic District and 22 parklike squares, is one of the largest National Historic Landmark Districts in the United States (designated by the U.S. government in 1966). Downtown Savannah largely retains the original town plan prescribed by founder James Oglethorpe (a design now known as the Oglethorpe Plan). Savannah was the host city for the sailing competitions during the 1996 Summer Olympics held in Atlanta."
"St. George's is the capital of Grenada. The city is surrounded by a hillside of an old volcano crater and is on a horseshoe-shaped harbor.The city is a popular Caribbean tourist destination. The city has significantly developed in recent years, while preserving its history, culture, and natural beauty. The city is home of St. George’s University School of Medicine. The main exports are cocoa bean cacao, nutmeg, and mace spice.It has a moderate tropical climate that ensures the success of spice production. Nutmegs are the most plentiful crop, followed by an array of such spices as cocoa, mace, cloves, vanilla, cinnamon and ginger."
"Tintagel  /tɪnˈtædʒəl/ or Trevena (Cornish: Tre war Venydh meaning village on a mountain) is a civil parish and village situated on the Atlantic coast of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The population of the parish is 1,820 people, and the area of the parish is 4,281 acres (17.32 km2).The village and nearby Tintagel Castle are associated with the legends surrounding King Arthur and the knights of the Round Table. The village has, in recent times, become attractive to day-trippers, and tourists from many parts of the world, and is one of the most-visited places in Britain."
"Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey and the county seat of Mercer County. The city is considered to be within the New York metropolitan area by the United States Census Bureau, but directly borders the Philadelphia metropolitan area and is part of the Federal Communications Commission's Philadelphia Designated Market Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, Trenton had a population of 84,913, making it the state's 10th-largest municipality. The Census Bureau estimated that the city's population was 84,349 in 2013.Trenton dates back at least to June 3, 1719, when mention was made of a constable being appointed for Trenton, while the area was still part of Hunterdon County. Boundaries were recorded for Trenton Township as of March 2, 1720, a courthouse and jail were constructed in Trenton around 1720 and the Freeholders of Hunterdon County met annually in Trenton. Trenton became New Jersey's capital as of November 25, 1790, and the City of Trenton was formed within Trenton Township on November 13, 1792. Trenton Township was incorporated as one of New Jersey's initial group of 104 townships by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 21, 1798. On February 22, 1834, portions of Trenton Township were taken to form Ewing Township. The remaining portion of Trenton Township was absorbed by the City of Trenton on April 10, 1837. A series of annexations took place over a 50-year period, with the city absorbing South Trenton borough (April 14, 1851), portions of Nottingham Township (April 14, 1856), both the Borough of Chambersburg Township and Millham Township (both on March 30, 1888), as well as Wilbur Borough (February 28, 1898)."
"Vaduz (/fɑːˈduːts/; German pronunciation: [faˈdʊt͡s] or [vaˈduːt͡s]) is the capital of Liechtenstein and the seat of the national parliament. The town, located along the Rhine, has about 5,100 inhabitants (as of 2009), most of whom are Roman Catholic. Its cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Vaduz.Although Vaduz is the best-known town internationally in the principality, it is not the largest: neighbouring Schaan has a larger population."
"Vallejo (/vəˈleɪ.oʊ/ or /vəˈleɪhoʊ/; Spanish: [baˈʎexo]) is the largest city in Solano County, California, United States. The population was 115,942 at the 2010 census. It is the tenth most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area, and is located on the northeastern shore of San Pablo Bay. Vallejo is named for General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo and the neighboring city of Benicia is named for his wife.Vallejo is home to the Six Flags Discovery Kingdom theme park, the now-defunct Mare Island Naval Shipyard, and the regional office for Region 5 of the United States Forest Service. The colleges and universities in Vallejo are California Maritime Academy, the Vallejo Center campus of Solano Community College, and Touro University California. Ferry service runs from a terminal on Mare Island Strait to San Francisco, through the BayLink division of SolTrans.Vallejo has twice served as the capital of the state of California: once in 1852 and again in 1853, both periods being brief. The State Capitol building burned to the ground in about 1858. The only surviving picture of the capitol was taken about 1858 and appears to show hay being stored on the second floor. and the Vallejo Fire Department requested aid from the Fire Department at Mare Island Naval Shipyard.  As there were no bridges at that time, the Mare Island Fire Department had to be ferried across the Napa River, arriving to find only the foundation remaining. This was the first recorded mutual aid response in the state of California.Some of the first Europeans drawn to the Vallejo area were attracted by the sulfur springs; in the year 1902 the area was named Blue Rock Springs. It was also known as White Sulfur Springs and that was the name of the road leading to it from town, today shorted to ""Springs Road""."
"Valletta (/vəˈlɛtə/; Maltese pronunciation: [ˈvɐlɛ.tɐ]) is the capital city of Malta, colloquially known as Il-Belt (IPA: [ˈil.bɛlt]; English: The City) in Maltese. Geographically, it is located in the central-eastern portion of the island of Malta having its eastern coast with access to the Marsamxett Harbour and its western coast in the Grand Harbour. The historical city has a population of 6,675. Valletta is the second southernmost capital of the EU member states after Nicosia, Cyprus.Valletta contains buildings from the 16th century onwards, built during the rule of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, also known as Knights Hospitaller. The city is essentially Baroque in character, with elements of Mannerist, Neo-Classical and Modern architecture in selected areas, though World War II left major scars on the city; particularly the demolition of The Royal Opera House. The City of Valletta was officially recognised as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1980.The official name given by the Order of Saint John was Humilissima Civitas Valletta—The Most Humble City of Valletta, or Città Umilissima in Italian. The bastions, curtains and ravelins along with the beauty of its Baroque palaces, gardens and churches, led the ruling houses of Europe to give the city its nickname Superbissima—Most Proud."
"Yaoundé (/ˌjɑːuːnˈdeɪ/ or /jaːˈʊndeɪ/, French pronunciation: ​[ja.un.de]; German: Jaunde) is the capital of Cameroon and, with a population of approximately 2.5 million, the second largest city in the country after the port city Douala. It lies in the centre of the nation at an elevation of about 750 metres (2,500 ft) above sea level."
"Zagazig (Arabic: الزقازيق‎ az-Zaqāzīq , Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [ez.zæʔæˈziːʔ], peasant pronunciation: [ez.zæɡæˈziːɡ]) is a town in Lower Egypt. Situated in the eastern part of the Nile delta, it is the capital of the governorate of Sharqia.In 1999, its population was approximately 279,000 & In 2010, its population was approximately 1.5 million.  It is built on a branch of the Fresh Water or Ismaïlia Canal and on al-Muˤizz Canal (the ancient Tanaitic channel of the Nile), and is 47 miles by rail north-northeast of Cairo. Situated on the Nile Delta in the midst of a fertile district, Zagazig is a centre of the cotton and grain trade of Egypt.  It has large cotton factories and used to have offices of numerous European merchants.It is located on the Muweis Canal and is the chief hub of the corn and cotton trade. There is a museum of antiquities, the Sharkeya National Museum (sometimes called the Amed Orabi Museum, at Herriat Raznah) that contains many important archaeological exhibits (currently closed for restoration).Zagazig University, one of the largest universities in Egypt, is also located in the city, with colleges in different fields of science and arts. The Archaeological Museum of the University of Zagazig exhibits significant finds from the nearby sites, Bubastis (Tell Basta) and Kufur Nigm. Also there is a branch for Al-Azhar University, the largest Islamic university in the world.Zagazig is the birthplace of famous Coptic Egyptian journalist, philosopher and social critic, Salama Moussa."
"Chang'an About this sound listen  (simplified Chinese: 长安; traditional Chinese: 長安; pinyin: Cháng'ān; Wade–Giles: Ch'ang-an) is an ancient capital of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history, today known as Xi'an. Chang'an means ""Perpetual Peace"" in Classical Chinese. During the short-lived Xin dynasty, the city was renamed ""Constant Peace"" (Chinese: 常安; pinyin: Cháng'ān); yet after its fall in AD 23, the old name was restored. By the time of the Ming dynasty, the name was again changed to Xi'an, meaning ""Western Peace"", which has remained its name to the present day.Chang'an had been settled since the Neolithic times, during which the Yangshao Culture established in Banpo in the city's suburb. Also in the northern vicinity of the modern Xi'an, the tumulus ruler Qin Shi Huang of Qin dynasty held his imperial court, and constructed his massive mausoleum guarded by the famed Terracotta Army.From its capital at Xianyang, the Qin dynasty ruled a larger area than either of the preceding dynasties. The imperial city of Chang'an during the Han dynasty was located in northwest of today's Xi'an. During the Tang dynasty, the area to be known as Chang'an included the area inside the Ming Xi'an fortification, plus some small areas to its east and west, and a major part of its southern suburbs. The Tang Chang'an hence, was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an, which was reconstructed upon the premise of the former imperial quarter of the Sui and Tang city. During its heyday, Chang'an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world. Around AD 750, Chang'an was called a ""million people's city"" in Chinese records, while modern estimates put it at around 800,000–1,000,000 within city walls. According to the census in 742 recorded in the New Book of Tang, 362,921 families with 1,960,188 persons were counted in Jingzhao Fu (京兆府), the metropolitan area including small cities in the vicinity."
"The European Capital of Culture is a city designated by the European Union for a period of one calendar year during which it organises a series of cultural events with a strong European dimension.Preparing a European Capital of Culture can be an opportunity for the city to generate considerable cultural, social and economic benefits and it can help foster urban regeneration, change the city's image and raise its visibility and profile on an international scale.In 1985, former actress Melina Mercouri, then Greece’s Minister of Culture, and her French counterpart Jack Lang came up with the idea of designating an annual Capital of Culture to bring Europeans closer together by highlighting the richness and diversity of European cultures and raising awareness of their common history and values.The Commission of the European Union manages the title and each year the Council of Ministers of the European Union formally designates European Capitals of Culture: more than 40 cities have been designated so far.An international panel of cultural experts is in charge of assessing the proposals of cities for the title according to criteria specified by the European Union.A 2004 study conducted for the European Commission demonstrated that the choice of European Capital of Culture served as a catalyst for the cultural development and the transformation of the city. Consequently, the beneficial socio-economic development and impact for the chosen city are now also considered in determining the chosen cities."
"Aarau (German pronunciation: [ˈaːraʊ], locally [ˈɑːrɑʊ]) is the capital of the northern Swiss canton of Aargau. The city is also the capital of the district of Aarau. It is German-speaking and predominantly Protestant. Aarau is situated on the Swiss plateau, in the valley of the Aare, on the river's right bank, and at the southern foot of the Jura mountains, and is west of Zürich, and 65 kilometres (40 mi) northeast of Bern. The municipality borders directly on the Canton of Solothurn to the west. It is the second-largest city in Aargau after Wettingen. At the beginning of 2010 Rohr became a suburb of Aarau."
"Adelaide  (/ˈædəleɪd/ AD-ə-layd) is the capital city of South Australia and the fifth-largest city in Australia. In June 2013, Adelaide had an estimated resident population of 1.29 million. The demonym ""Adelaidean"" is used in reference to the city and its residents. Adelaide is north of the Fleurieu Peninsula, on the Adelaide Plains between the Gulf St Vincent and the low-lying Mount Lofty Ranges which surround the city. Adelaide stretches 20 km (12 mi) from the coast to the foothills, and 90 km (56 mi) from Gawler at its northern extent to Sellicks Beach in the south.Named in honour of Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen, queen consort to King William IV, the city was founded in 1836 as the planned capital for a freely-settled British province in Australia. Colonel William Light, one of Adelaide's founding fathers, designed the city and chose its location close to the River Torrens, in the area originally inhabited by the Kaurna people. Light's design set out Adelaide in a grid layout, interspaced by wide boulevards and large public squares, and entirely surrounded by parklands. Early Adelaide was shaped by religious freedom and a commitment to political progressivism and civil liberties, which led to the moniker ""City of Churches"".As South Australia's seat of government and commercial centre, Adelaide is the site of many governmental and financial institutions. Most of these are concentrated in the city centre along the cultural boulevard of North Terrace, King William Street and in various districts of the metropolitan area. Today, Adelaide is noted for its many festivals and sporting events, its food and wine, its long beachfronts, and its large defence and manufacturing sectors. It ranks highly in terms of liveability, being listed in the Top 10 of The Economist's World's Most Liveable Cities index in 2010, 2011 and 2012. It was also ranked the most liveable city in Australia by the Property Council of Australia in 2011, 2012 and 2013."
"Algiers (Arabic: الجزائر‎, al-Jazā’er; Algerian Arabic pronunciation: دزاير Dzayer, Berber: Dzayer tamaneɣt, French: Alger) is the capital and largest city of Algeria. According to the 1998 census, the population of the city proper was 1,519,570 and that of the urban agglomeration was 2,135,630. In 2009, the population was about 3,500,000. An estimate put the population at about 3,574,000 in 2010. Algiers is located on the Mediterranean Sea and in the north-central portion of Algeria.Sometimes nicknamed El-Behdja (البهجة) or alternatively Alger la Blanche (""Algiers the White"") for the glistening white of its buildings as seen rising up from the sea, Algiers is situated on the west side of a bay of the Mediterranean Sea. The modern part of the city is built on the level ground by the seashore; the old part, the ancient city of the deys, climbs the steep hill behind the modern town and is crowned by the casbah or citadel, 122 metres (400 ft) above the sea. The casbah and the two quays form a triangle."
"Athens (/ˈæθɨnz/; Modern Greek: Αθήνα, Athína, [aˈθina]; Ancient Greek: Ἀθῆναι, Athēnai) is the capital and largest city of Greece. Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning around 3,400 years, and the earliest human presence around the 11th–7th millennium BC. Classical Athens was a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus. A centre for the arts, learning and philosophy, home of Plato's Academy and Aristotle's Lyceum, it is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy, largely due to the impact of its cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European continent. Today a cosmopolitan metropolis, modern Athens is central to economic, financial, industrial, political and cultural life in Greece. In 2012, Athens was ranked the world's 39th richest city by purchasing power and the 77th most expensive in a UBS study.Athens is recognised as a global city because of its geo-strategic location and its importance in finance, commerce, media, entertainment, arts, international trade, culture, education and tourism. It is one of the biggest economic centres in southeastern Europe, with a large financial sector, and features the largest passenger port in Europe, and the third largest in the world. The municipality (City) of Athens had a population of 664,046 (in 2011, 796,442 in 2004) within its administrative limits, and a land area of 39 km2 (15 sq mi). The urban area of Athens (Greater Athens and Greater Piraeus) extends beyond its administrative municipal city limits, with a population of 3,090,508 (in 2011) over an area of 412 km2 (159 sq mi). According to Eurostat in 2004, the Athens Larger Urban Zone (LUZ) was the 7th most populous LUZ in the European Union (the 5th most populous capital city of the EU), with a population of 4,013,368. Athens is also the southernmost capital on the European mainland.The heritage of the classical era is still evident in the city, represented by ancient monuments and works of art, the most famous of all being the Parthenon, considered a key landmark of early Western civilization. The city also retains Roman and Byzantine monuments, as well as a smaller number of Ottoman monuments.Athens is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites, the Acropolis of Athens and the medieval Daphni Monastery. Landmarks of the modern era, dating back to the establishment of Athens as the capital of the independent Greek state in 1834, include the Hellenic Parliament (19th century) and the Athens Trilogy, consisting of the National Library of Greece, the Athens University and the Academy of Athens. Athens was the host city of the first modern-day Olympic Games in 1896, and 108 years later it welcomed home the 2004 Summer Olympics. Athens is home to the National Archeological Museum, featuring the world's largest collection of ancient Greek antiquities, as well as the new Acropolis Museum."
"Bodmin (Cornish: Bosvena) is a civil parish and major town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated in the centre of the county southwest of Bodmin Moor.The extent of the civil parish corresponds fairly closely to that of the town so is mostly urban in character. It is bordered to the east by Cardinham parish, to the southeast by Lanhydrock parish, to the southwest and west by Lanivet parish, and to the north by Helland parish.Bodmin has a population of 12,778 (2001 census). This population had increased to 14,916 at the 2011 Census.  It was formerly the county town of Cornwall until the Crown Courts moved to Truro which is also the administrative centre (before 1835 the county town was Launceston). Bodmin was in the administrative North Cornwall District until local government reorganisation in 2009 abolished the District (see also Politics of Cornwall#Cornwall Council). The town is part of the North Cornwall parliamentary constituency, which is represented by Dan Rogerson MP.Bodmin Town Council is made up of 16 councillors who are elected to serve a term of four years. Each year, the Council elects one of its number as Mayor to serve as the town's civic leader and to chair council meetings."
"Brasília (Portuguese pronunciation: [bɾaˈziljɐ]) is the federal capital of Brazil and the seat of government of the Federal District. The city is located along the Brazilian Highlands in the country's Central-West region. It was founded on April 21, 1960, to serve as the new national capital.  Brasília, easily the fastest growing major city in the country, had an estimated population of 2,852,372 in 2014, just 50,000 residents shy of Salvador, placing it as the 4th most populous city in Brazil.Among major Latin American cities, Brasília has the highest GDP per capita at R$61,915 (US$36,175).Brasília was planned and developed by Lúcio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer in 1956 in order to move the capital from Rio de Janeiro to a more central location. The landscape architect was Roberto Burle Marx. The city's design divides it into numbered blocks as well as sectors for specified activities, such as the Hotel Sector, the Banking Sector and the Embassy Sector. Brasília was chosen as a UNESCO World Heritage Site due to its modernist architecture.The city has a unique status in Brazil, as it is an administrative division rather than a legal municipality like other cities in Brazil. Nationally, the term is almost always used synonymously with the Federal District, which constitutes an indivisible Federative Unit. Several satellite cities are also part of the Federal District.The centers of all three branches of the federal government of Brazil are in Brasília, including the Congress, President, and Supreme Court. The city also hosts 124 foreign embassies. Brasília International Airport connects the capital to all major Brazilian cities and many international destinations, and is the third busiest airport in Brazil.The city was one of the main host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Additionally, Brasília hosted the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup."
"Corinth (/ˈkɔrɪnθ/; Greek: Κόρινθος, Kórinthos, pronounced [ˈkorinθos] (13px )) is a city and former municipality in Corinthia, Peloponnese, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Corinth, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit. It is the capital of Corinthia.It was founded as Nea Korinthos or New Corinth in 1858 after an earthquake destroyed the existing settlement of Corinth, which had developed in and around the site of ancient Corinth."
"Detroit /dɨˈtrɔɪt/ is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the largest city on the United States–Canada border. It is the seat of Wayne County, the most populous county in the state. It is a primary business, cultural, financial and transportation center in the Metro Detroit area, a region of 5.2 million people. It is a major port on the Detroit River, a strait that connects the Great Lakes system to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. It was founded on July 24, 1701, by the French explorer and adventurer Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac and a party of settlers.The Detroit area emerged as a significant metropolitan region within the United States in the early Twentieth Century, and this trend only hastened in the 1950s and 1960s, with the construction of a regional freeway system. Detroit is the center of a three-county Urban Area (population 3,734,090, area of 1,337 square miles (3,460 km2), a 2010 United States Census) six-county Metropolitan Statistical Area (2010 Census population of 4,296,250, area of 3,913 square miles [10,130 km2]), and a nine-county Combined Statistical Area (2010 Census population of 5,218,852, area of 5,814 square miles [15,060 km2]). The Detroit–Windsor area, a commercial link straddling the Canada–U.S. border, has a total population of about 5,700,000. In the early 21st century, the Detroit metropolitan region holds roughly one-half of the state's population. Detroit is the second-largest economic center in the Midwest, behind Chicago and ahead of Minneapolis.Known as the world's automotive center, ""Detroit"" is a metonym for the American automobile industry. Detroit's auto industry was an important element of the American ""Arsenal of Democracy"" supporting the Allied powers during World War II. It is an important source of popular music legacies celebrated by the city's two familiar nicknames, the Motor City and Motown. Other nicknames arose in the 20th century, including City of Champions, beginning in the 1930s for its successes in individual and team sport; The D; Hockeytown (a trademark owned by the city's NHL club, the Red Wings); Rock City (after the Kiss song ""Detroit Rock City""); and The 313 (its telephone area code).Between 2000 and 2010 the city's population fell by 25 percent, changing its ranking from the nation's 10th-largest city to 18th. In 2010, the city had a population of 713,777, more than a 60 percent drop from a peak population of over 1.8 million at the 1950 census. This resulted from suburbanization, industrial restructuring and the decline of Detroit's economic strength. Following the shift of population and jobs to its suburbs or other states or nations, the city focused on reestablishing itself as the metropolitan region's employment and economic center. Downtown Detroit has held an increased role as an entertainment destination in the 21st century, with the restoration of several historic theatres, several new sports stadiums, three new stadiums, and a riverfront revitalization project. More recently, the population of Downtown Detroit, Midtown Detroit, and a handful of other neighborhoods has increased. Many other neighborhoods remain distressed and even heavily abandoned. The Governor of Michigan, Rick Snyder, declared a financial emergency for the city in March 2013, appointing an emergency manager. On July 18, 2013, Detroit filed the largest municipal bankruptcy case in U.S. history. It was declared bankrupt by Judge Steven W. Rhodes of the Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Michigan on December 3, 2013; he cited its $18.5 billion debt and declared that negotiations with its thousands of creditors were unfeasible. On November 7, 2014, Judge Rhodes approved the city's bankruptcy plan, allowing the city to begin the process of exiting bankruptcy. The City of Detroit successfully left Chapter 9 municipal bankruptcy with all finances handed back to Detroit beginning at midnight on December 11, 2014."
"Myittha is a town in Myittha Township, Kyaukse District, Mandalay Region, central Burma (Myanmar)."
"Singu is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar."
"Kota Pinang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of South Labuhan Batu Regency."
"Long Điền is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Long Điền District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam.It is located along National Route 55."
"Shigaraki Palace (紫香楽宮, Shigaraki-no-miya, also written 信楽宮) was a palace built by Emperor Shōmu, initially as a villa, later named by himself as the capital in 744. The palace was located in the present-day city of Kōka, Shiga Prefecture, Japan. The capital-palace is also referred to as Kōka Palace (甲賀宮, Kōka-no-miya) in the Shoku Nihongi."
"Kép is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Lạng Giang District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam.It is the location of the Kép Railway Station."
"Kangyidaunk (Burmese: ကန်ကြီးတောင့်မြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Kangyidaunk Township in the Pathein District."
"Ramree   (Burmese: ရမ်းဗြဲမြို့, Burmese pronunciation: [jáɴbjɛ́ mjo̰]) is a town in Kyaukpyu district, Southern Rakhine State of western Myanmar. Ramree (locally pronounced Yangbye) is situated on Ramree Island."
"Shahrekord (Persian: شهركرد‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Kord and Shahr Kord) is the capital city of Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. It is the largest city in the province, and is adjacent to Iran's third largest city of Isfahan. At the time of the 2006 census, Shahrekord had a population of about 148,464 and the Shahrekord metropolitan area had a population of 380,312.Shahrekord is famous for its natural beauty of the landscape, cold winters, waterfalls and rivers. Sharekord is the Iran’s highest capital city at 2,070 m (6,790 ft) above the sea level. This led to be known as “Roof of Iran”.Shahrekord is about 100 km (62 mi) from Iran's third largest city of Isfahan and 521 km (324 mi) from Tehran.Its weather is dry, cold in winter and mild in summer. The town has a ski resort (Bardeh) located about 35 km (22 mi) away and several natural lagoons and small lakes for outdoor relaxation."
"Langhkö, Langkho, Langkhoi, or Linkai is a town and seat of Langkho Township and Langkho District, in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located east of Wān Long. It is served by Langhko Airport and is accessed along the National Road 45. A bridge in the vicinity crossing the Teng River the town lies on is called Nam Kok Bridge."
"Banjarnegara is a town in Central Java, Indonesia and the seat of Banjarnegara Regency. It is 55 km from the Dieng Plateau region and a centre for ceramic arts."
"Gunung Tua is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of North Padang Lawas Regency.Gunung Tua is a district which is also the administrative center (capital city) North Padang Lawas Regency, North Sumatra, Indonesia. Formerly Gunung Tua is a district (part of South Tapanuli Regency). And finally on July 17, 2007 Gunung Tua endorsed as the capital of North Padang Lawas Regency (which is a formerly part of the District of South Tapanuli Regency)."
"Stabat is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Langkat Regency. The town lies on the road between Medan and Banda Aceh, a short distance past the city of Binjai.Stabat District is one of the 23 districts of Langkat Regency. Its capital is the town of Stabat. It is bordered by Wampu District to the west, Secanggang District to the north, Binjai to the south, and Hamparan Perak District of Deli Serdang Regency to the east.Most people in Stabat District are Javanese, however in Pantai Gemi village the majority are Malay.Stabat has been since the colonial period a centre of government."
"Myan Aung (Burmese: မြန်အောင်မြို့ [mjàɴ ʔàʊɴ mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Burma. It is the seat of the Myanaung Township in the Hinthada District."
"Simpang Tiga Redelong is a town in AcehSpecial District, in the north of Sumatra, Indonesia. Since 18 December 2003 it has been the seat (capital) of Bener Meriah Regency."
"Thanlyin (Burmese: သန်လျင်မြို့, pronounced: [təɲɪ̀ɴ mjo̰] or [θàɴljɪ̀ɴ mjo̰]; Mon: သေၚ်, [seaŋ]; formerly, Syriam) is a major port city of Burma, located across Bago River from the city of Yangon. Thanlyin Township comprises 17 quarters and 28 village tracts. It is home to the largest port in the country, Thilawa port."
"Zhaoge (Chinese: 朝歌; pinyin: Zhāogē) was the capital of Shang dynasty, and later capital of State of Wei (衛國). It is located in current Qi County, Hebi, Henan."
"Okpho or Okpo is a small town and seat of Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma. It lies south of Gyobingauk and north of Minhla. It contains a hospital, a pagoda, and an open ground in the town centre.It is located 177 kilometres north of Yangon. The Okpho Railway Station is operated by the Burma Railway Corporation and the town also contains a police station.Father J.B Bringaud was reported to have been in the area 4 miles west of Okpho in November 1862."
"Fukuhara-kyō (福原京, Capital of Fukuhara) was the seat of Japan's Imperial Court, and therefore the capital of the country, for roughly six months in 1180. It was also the center of Taira no Kiyomori's power and the site of his retirement palace.Fukuhara, in or near what is today Hyōgo Ward in the city of Kobe, was made the official residence of Taira no Kiyomori in 1160, following the Heiji Rebellion in which his Taira clan crushed the rival Minamoto clan. From roughly this time until his death in 1181, Kiyomori was the de facto political chief of state. He was appointed Daijō Daijin (Chancellor) in 1167, and married his daughter into the Imperial family, gaining even greater influence at Court.A palace was built for him at Fukuhara, and Kiyomori also oversaw considerable improvements to the harbor there, to further his wider goals of expanding trade within the Inland Sea. Following the Shishigatani Incident of 1177-1178, Kiyomori retired to Fukuhara, distancing himself from politics, and from the social and ceremonial entanglements of the capital.In June 1180, the Genpei War began as the Minamoto clan was called to arms by Prince Mochihito to oppose Kiyomori and his clan. Following the battle of Uji, in which Minamoto no Yorimasa, then head of the clan, was killed, Kiyomori arranged that the Imperial Court be moved from Heian-kyō (Kyoto) to Fukuhara. In doing this, he sought to ensure his claim to power, to allow himself to keep a closer eye on the Court and to involve himself directly once again in administrative affairs. This move also helped to shelter the Emperors and the Court from the dangers posed by Kiyomori's enemies, the Minamoto and their monastic allies.On the second day of the lunar month following the battle, Kiyomori led a huge procession of nobles and court officials, along with Emperor Antoku and Cloistered Emperors Takakura and Go-Shirakawa to Fukuhara. Government offices were re-established in lavish residences originally constructed for members of the Taira clan. Elements of the governmental administration were upset with this move, however, and the disruption it caused, and many of the nobles complained of the wet weather of the port city and the distance from Heian. Within about six months, the Court was returned to Kyoto, and Kiyomori followed.When Kiyomori died the following year, he was buried in Fukuhara. Site monuments mark the supposed sites of Kiyomori's palace, those of the Emperors, and Kiyomori's tomb."
"Myawaddy (Burmese: မြဝတီ) is a town in south-eastern Myanmar in Kayin State close to the border with Thailand. Separated from the Thai border town of Mae Sot by the Moei River, the town is most important trading point between Myanmar and Thailand.On 6 August 2010, a bomb exploded in the car park of a crowded market in Myawaddy, killing two men and seriously injuring four others."
"Pelabuhan Ratu  or Palabuhan Ratu  (Sundanese for: Harbor of Queen) is the administrative capital of Sukabumi Regency. Located at the southwest coast of West Java facing Indian Ocean. It is four hours drive from Bandung and up to 12 hours drive from Indonesia's capital Jakarta due to traffic jam in Ciawi, Cicurug, Cibadak and Pelabuhan Ratu gate, whose residents love to visit the bay Teluk Palabuhanratu, once named Wijnkoopsbaai by the Dutch. The bay is shaped like a large horseshoe and has enormous waves that can be very treacherous. The Sundanese locals tell that the Indian Ocean is the home of Nyai Loro Kidul who reigns along the southern-coast of all Java."
"Varbitsa (Bulgarian: Върбица) is a village in northern Bulgaria, part of Pleven Province, Pleven Municipality, 13 km north-east from Pleven city. As per the census of 1st of February 2011, the village has a population of 530 inhabitants."
"for the subdistrict of Aceh see Teluk Dalam, AcehTeluk Dalam is a sub-district in the South Nias regency, North Sumatra province, Indonesia. Its area is 490 km2 (190 sq mi). In English, Teluk Dalam means ""Deep Gulf"".As of 2004, Teluk Dalam has 39 villages with a population of 76,750 and a population density of 157/km².Teluk Dalam has various tourist sites, such as Sorake Beach, Lagundri Beach and Bawömataluo which hosts Nias traditional houses of hundred years ago."
"Tonzang (Burmese: တွံဇံမြို့) is a town in the Chin State of West Myanmar.TonzangTonzang is a(Sub-townage) of Tedim. Tonzang is 37 miles north-eastern of Tedim. They speak Tedimmpau; and their cultures and living styles is same. please see Tedim. The people who live in the Town Tonzang are not called Tonzangmi, but Tedimmi; Because the major dialects components of Tedimpau/Tedimkam is of theirs. And most others dialects follows those of Tonzang settlers' intonations and terms.Satellite map at Maplandia.comChin State site"
"Santiago de Rubiás is a village in the municipality of Calvos de Randín, Ourense, Galicia. The census for 2007 showed 65 inhabitants. Until 1868 it formed with Meaus and Rubiás a de facto independent state called Couto Misto, of which Santiago was the capital."
"Daik is the main town on the island of Lingga of Lingga Regency, in the Riau archipelago in Indonesia. It is located at 0°12′0″N 104°37′0″E."
"Beirut (Arabic: بيروت‎ Bayrūt; Biblical Hebrew: בְּאֵרוֹת Be'erot; Hebrew: ביירות Beirut; Latin: Berytus; French: Beyrouth; Turkish: Beyrut; Armenian: Պէյրութ Beyrut) is the capital and largest city of Lebanon. As there has been no recent population census, the exact population is unknown; but, in 2007, estimates ranged from slightly more than 1 million to slightly less than 2 million as part of Greater Beirut. Located on a peninsula at the midpoint of Lebanon's Mediterranean coast, Beirut is the country's largest and main seaport. The first mention of this metropolis is found in the ancient Egyptian Tell el Amarna letters dating from the 15th century BC. The city has been inhabited continuously since then. The Beirut River runs south to north on the eastern edge of the city.Beirut is Lebanon's seat of government and plays a central role in the Lebanese economy, with many banks and corporations based in its Central District, Hamra Street, Rue Verdun and Ashrafieh. Following the destructive Lebanese Civil War, Beirut's cultural landscape underwent major reconstruction. Identified and graded for accountancy, advertising, banking/finance and law, Beirut is ranked as a Beta World City by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network."
"Kingston (/ˈkɪŋstən/ or US /ˈkɪŋztən/) is the capital and largest city of Jamaica, located on the southeastern coast of the island. It faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes, a long sand spit which connects the town of Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island. In the Americas, Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city south of the United States.The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St. Andrew Corporation Act of 1923, to form the Kingston and St. Andrew Corporation (KSAC). Greater Kingston, or the ""Corporate Area"" refers to those areas under the KSAC; however, it does not solely refer to Kingston Parish, which only consists of the old downtown and Port Royal. Kingston Parish had a population of 96,052, and St. Andrew parish had a population of 555,828 in 2001. Kingston is only bordered by Saint Andrew to the east, west and north. The geographical border for the parish of Kingston encompasses the following communities, Tivoli Gardens, Denham Town, downtown Kingston, National Heroes Park, Kingston Gardens, Rae Town, Bournemouth Gardens, Norman Gardens, Springfield, Rennock Lodge, Port Royal along with portions of Allman Town, Franklyn Town and Rollington Town.The city proper is bounded by six miles (9.7 km) to the west, Stony Hill to the north, Papine to the northeast and Harbour View to the east, communities in urban and suburban Saint Andrew. Communities in rural St. Andrew such as Gordon Town, Mavis Bank, Lawrence Tavern, Mt. Airy and Bull Bay would not be described as being in Kingston city.Two parts make up the central area of Kingston: the historic Downtown, and New Kingston. Both are served by Norman Manley International Airport and also by the smaller and primarily domestic Tinson Pen Aerodrome."
"Kraków (Polish pronunciation: [ˈkrakuf] (link=File:Pl-Krak%C3%B3w.ogg )) also Cracow, or Krakow (US English /ˈkrækaʊ/, UK English /ˈkrækɒv/) is the second largest and one of the oldest cities in Poland. Situated on the Vistula River (Polish: Wisła) in the Lesser Poland region, the city dates back to the 7th century. Kraków has traditionally been one of the leading centres of Polish academic, cultural, and artistic life and is one of Poland's most important economic hubs. It was the capital of Poland from 1038 to 1569; the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1569 to 1596; Free City of Kraków from 1815 to 1846; the Grand Duchy of Cracow from 1846 to 1918; and Kraków Voivodeship from the 14th century to 1999. It is now the capital of the Lesser Poland Voivodeship.The city has grown from a Stone Age settlement to Poland's second most important city. It began as a hamlet on Wawel Hill and was already being reported as a busy trading centre of Slavonic Europe in 965. With the establishment of new universities and cultural venues at the emergence of the Second Polish Republic in 1918 and throughout the 20th century, Kraków reaffirmed its role as a major national academic and artistic centre. The city has a population of approximately 760,000 whereas about 8 million people live within a 100 kilometres (62 miles) radius of its main square.After the invasion of Poland at the start of World War II, Kraków became the capital of Germany's General Government. The Jewish population of the city was forced into a walled zone known as the Kraków Ghetto, from which they were sent to German extermination camps such as the nearby Auschwitz never to return, and the Nazi concentration camps like Płaszów.In 1978, Karol Wojtyła, archbishop of Kraków, was elevated to the papacy as Pope John Paul II – the first Slavic pope ever, and the first non-Italian pope in 455 years. Also that year, UNESCO approved the first ever sites for its new World Heritage List, including the entire Old Town in inscribing Cracow's Historic Centre. Kraków is classified as a global city by GaWC, with the ranking of High sufficiency. Cited as one of Europe's most beautiful cities, its extensive cultural heritage across the epochs of Gothic, Renaissance and Baroque architecture includes the Wawel Cathedral and the Royal Castle on the banks of the Vistula river, the St. Mary's Basilica and the largest medieval market square in Europe, the Rynek Główny. Kraków is home to Jagiellonian University, one of the oldest universities in the world and traditionally Poland's most reputable institution of higher learning.In 2000, Kraków was named European Capital of Culture. The city will also host the next World Youth Day in 2016."
"Kuala Lumpur (/ˈkwɑːləˈlʊmpʊər/ or /-pər/; Malaysian pronunciation: [ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr]), is the federal capital and most populous city in Malaysia. The city covers an area of 243 km2 (94 sq mi) and has an estimated population of 1.6 million as of 2010. Greater Kuala Lumpur, also known as the Klang Valley, is an urban agglomeration of 6.9 million as of 2010. It is among the fastest growing metropolitan regions in the country, in terms of population and economy.Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia. The city was once home to the executive and judicial branches of the federal government, but they were moved to Putrajaya in early 1999. Some sections of the judiciary still remain in the capital city of Kuala Lumpur. The official residence of the Malaysian King, the Istana Negara, is also situated in Kuala Lumpur. Rated as an alpha world city, Kuala Lumpur is the cultural, financial and economic centre of Malaysia due to its position as the capital as well as being a key city. Kuala Lumpur was ranked 48th among global cities by Foreign Policy's 2010 Global Cities Index and was ranked 67th among global cities for economic and social innovation by the 2thinknow Innovation Cities Index in 2010.Kuala Lumpur is defined within the borders of the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur and is one of three Malaysian Federal Territories. It is an enclave within the state of Selangor, on the central west coast of Peninsular Malaysia.Since the 1990s, the city has played host to many international sporting, political and cultural events including the 1998 Commonwealth Games and the Formula One Grand Prix. In addition, Kuala Lumpur is home to the tallest twin buildings in the world, the Petronas Twin Towers, which have become an iconic symbol of Malaysia's futuristic development."
"Lansing /ˈlænsɪŋ/ is the capital of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located mostly in Ingham County, although portions of the city extend west into Eaton County and north into Clinton County. The 2010 Census placed the city's population at 114,297, making it the fifth largest city in Michigan. The population of its Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) was 464,036, while the even larger Combined Statistical Area (CSA) population, which includes Shiawassee County, was 534,684.The Lansing Metropolitan Area, colloquially referred to as ""Mid-Michigan"", is an important center for educational, cultural, governmental, commercial, and industrial functions. The area is home to two medical schools, one veterinary school, two nursing schools, two law schools—including Western Michigan University and Michigan State University—a Big Ten Conference university (Michigan State), the Michigan State Capitol, the state Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals, a federal court, the Library of Michigan and Historical Center, and headquarters of four national insurance companies.Lansing is the only U.S. state capital (among the 47 located in counties) that is not also a county seat.  The county seat of Ingham County is Mason, but the county maintains some offices in Lansing."
"Larissa (Greek: Λάρισα [ˈlarisa]) is the capital and largest city of the Thessaly region of Greece and capital of the Larissa regional unit. It is a principal agricultural centre and a national transportation hub, linked by road and rail with the port of Volos, the city of Thessaloniki and Athens. Larissa, within its municipality, has 162,591 inhabitants, while the regional unit of Larissa reached a population of 284,325 (in 2011).  The urban area of the city, although mostly contained within the Larissa municipality, also includes the communities of Giannouli, Platykampos, Nikaia, Terpsithea and several other suburban settlements, bringing the wider urban area population of the city to about 174,012 inhabitants and extends over an area of 572.3 km2.  Today, Larissa is a major commercial and industrial centre in Greece. Legend has it that Achilles was born here, and that Hippocrates, the Father of Medicine, died here."
"Lausanne (/loʊˈzæn/, French: [loˈzan], Italian: Losanna, Romansh: Losanna) is a city in Romandy, the French-speaking part of Switzerland; it is the capital of the canton of Vaud.  The seat of Lausanne District, the city is situated on the shores of Lake Geneva (French: Lac Léman, or simply Le Léman). It faces the French town of Évian-les-Bains, with the Jura mountains to its north-west.  Lausanne is located 62 kilometres (38.5 miles) northeast of Geneva.Lausanne has a population (as of December 2013) of 139,390, making it the fourth largest city in Switzerland, with the entire agglomeration area having 345,300 inhabitants (as of December 2012). The metropolitan area of Lausanne-Geneva (including Vevey-Montreux, Yverdon-les-Bains, and foreign parts) was over 1.2 million inhabitants in 2000.The headquarters of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) is located in Lausanne – the IOC officially recognizes the city as the Olympic Capital – as is the headquarters of the Court of Arbitration for Sport.  It lies in the middle of a wine-growing region.  The city has a 28-station metro system, making it the smallest city in the world to have a rapid transit system."
"Liverpool (/ˈlɪvərpuːl/) is a city in Merseyside, England, on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary. A borough from 1207 and a city from 1880, in 2011 it had a population of 466,415. The city is within the historic county of Lancashire. Its urbanisation and expansion were largely brought about by its status as a major port, which included its participation in the Atlantic slave trade. Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner RMS Titanic, and many other Cunard and White Star ocean liners such as the RMS Lusitania, Queen Mary, and Olympic.Liverpool's status as a port city has contributed to its diverse population, which, historically, was drawn from a wide range of peoples, cultures, and religions, particularly those from Ireland. The city is also home to the oldest Black African community in the country and the oldest Chinese community in Europe.  Natives of Liverpool are referred to as Liverpudlians (from a long-standing jocular alteration of 'Liverpool' to 'Liverpuddle') and colloquially as ""Scousers"", a reference to ""scouse"", a form of stew. The word ""Scouse"" has also become synonymous with the Liverpool accent and dialect.Tourism forms a significant part of the city's modern economy. The city celebrated its 800th anniversary in 2007, and it held the European Capital of Culture title together with Stavanger, Norway, in 2008.  Labelled the ""World Capital City of Pop"" by Guinness World Records, the popularity of The Beatles, and other groups from the Merseybeat era and later, contributes to Liverpool's status as a tourist destination. Several areas of Liverpool city centre were granted World Heritage Site status by UNESCO in 2004. The Liverpool Maritime Mercantile City includes the Pier Head, Albert Dock, and William Brown Street.  Liverpool is also the home of two Premier League football clubs, Liverpool and Everton. Matches between the two are known as the Merseyside derby. The world-famous Grand National also takes places annually at Aintree Racecourse on the outskirts of the city."
"London (/ˈlʌndən/) is the capital city of England and the United Kingdom. It is the most populous city in the United Kingdom, with a metropolitan area of over 13 million inhabitants. Standing on the River Thames, London has been a major settlement for two millennia, its history going back to its founding by the Romans, who named it Londinium. London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its 1.12-square-mile (2.9 km2) mediaeval boundaries and in 2011 had a resident population of 7,375, making it the smallest city in England. Since at least the 19th century, the term London has also referred to the metropolis developed around this core. The bulk of this conurbation forms the Greater London administrative area (coterminous with the London region), governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.London is a leading global city, with strengths in the arts, commerce, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media, professional services, research and development, tourism, and transport all contributing to its preeminence. It is one of the world's leading financial centres and has the fifth-or sixth-largest metropolitan area GDP in the world depending on measurement. London is a world cultural capital. It is the world's most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the world's largest city airport system measured by passenger traffic. London's 43 universities form the largest concentration of higher education institutes in Europe. In 2012, London became the first city to host the modern Summer Olympic Games three times.London has a diverse range of peoples and cultures, and more than 300 languages are spoken within Greater London. The region had an official population of 8,416,535 in 2013, making it the most populous municipality in the European Union, and accounting for 12.5% of the UK population. London's urban area is the second-largest in the EU with a population of 9,787,426 according to the 2011 census. London's metropolitan area is the largest in the EU with a total population of 13,614,409, while the Greater London Authority puts the population of London metropolitan region at 21 million.London was the world's most populous city from around 1831 to 1925.London contains four World Heritage Sites: the Tower of London; Kew Gardens; the site comprising the Palace of Westminster, Westminster Abbey, and St Margaret's Church; and the historic settlement of Greenwich (in which the Royal Observatory, Greenwich marks the Prime Meridian, 0° longitude, and GMT). Other famous landmarks include Buckingham Palace, the London Eye, Piccadilly Circus, St Paul's Cathedral, Tower Bridge, Trafalgar Square, and The Shard. London is home to numerous museums, galleries, libraries, sporting events and other cultural institutions, including the British Museum, National Gallery, Tate Modern, British Library and 40 West End theatres. The London Underground is the oldest underground railway network in the world."
"Manama (Arabic: المنامة‎ Al Manāma) is the capital and largest city of Bahrain, with an approximate population of 157,000 people. Long an important trading center in the Persian Gulf, Manama is home to a very diverse population.  After periods of Portuguese and Persian control and invasions from the ruling dynasties of Saudi Arabia and Oman, Bahrain established itself as an independent nation during the 19th century period of British hegemony.Although the current twin cities of Manama and Muharraq appear to have been founded simultaneously in the 1800s, Muharraq took prominence due to its defensive location and was thus the capital of Bahrain until 1921. Manama became the mercantile capital and was the gateway to the main Bahrain Island.  In the 20th century, Bahrain's oil wealth helped spur fast growth and in the 1990s a concerted diversification effort led to expansion in other industries and helped transform Manama into an important financial hub in the Middle East. Manama was designated as the capital of Arab culture for the year 2012 by the Arab League."
"Mexico City (/ˈmɛksɨkoʊ ˈsɪti/; Spanish: Ciudad de México American Spanish: [sjuˈðað de ˈmexiko], officially known as México, D. F., or simply D. F.) is the federal district (distrito federal), capital of Mexico and seat of the federal powers of the union. It is a federal entity within Mexico which is not part of any one of the 31 Mexican states but belongs to the federation as a whole. Mexico City is the country's largest city as well as its most important political, cultural, educational and financial center.As an ""alpha"" global city Mexico City is one of the most important financial centers in the Americas. It is located in the Valley of Mexico (Valle de México), a large valley in the high plateaus at the center of Mexico, at an altitude of 2,240 metres (7,350 ft). The city consists of sixteen boroughs.The 2009 estimated population for the city proper was around 8.84 million people, with a land area of 1,485 square kilometres (573 sq mi). According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments, the Greater Mexico City population is 21.2 million people, making it the largest metropolitan area in the western hemisphere, the tenth largest agglomeration, and the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world.The Greater Mexico City has a gross domestic product (GDP) of US$411 billion in 2011, making Mexico City urban agglomeration one of the richest metropolitan areas in the world. The city was responsible for generating 15.8% of Mexico's Gross Domestic Product and the metropolitan area accounted for about 22% of total national GDP. As a stand-alone country, in 2013, Mexico City would be the fifth-largest economy in Latin America—five times as large as Costa Rica's and about the same size as Peru's.Mexico’s capital is both the oldest capital city in the Americas and one of two founded by Amerindians (Native Americans), the other being Quito. The city was originally built on an island of Lake Texcoco by the Aztecs in 1325 as Tenochtitlan, which was almost completely destroyed in the 1521 siege of Tenochtitlan, and subsequently redesigned and rebuilt in accordance with the Spanish urban standards. In 1524, the municipality of Mexico City was established, known as México Tenochtitlán, and as of 1585 it was officially known as Ciudad de México (Mexico City). Mexico City served as the political, administrative and financial center of a major part of the Spanish colonial empire. After independence from Spain was achieved, the Federal District was created in 1824.After years of demanding greater political autonomy, residents were given the right to directly elect the Head of Government and the representatives of the unicameral Legislative Assembly by popular vote in 1997. Ever since, the left-wing Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) has controlled both of them. In recent years, the local government has passed a wave of liberal policies, such as abortion on request, a limited form of euthanasia, no-fault divorce and same-sex marriage."
"Nassau /ˈnæsɔː/ is the capital, largest city, and commercial centre of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas. The city has a population of 248,948 (2010 census), 70 percent of the entire population of the Bahamas (353,658). Lynden Pindling International Airport, the major airport for the Bahamas, is located about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) west of Nassau city centre, and has daily flights to major cities in the United States, the Caribbean, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The city is located on the island of New Providence, which functions much like a business district. Nassau is the site of the House of Assembly and various judicial departments and was considered historically to be a stronghold of pirates. The city is ultimately named for the German town Nassau.Nassau's modern growth began in the late eighteenth century, with the influx of thousands of American Loyalists and their slaves to the Bahamas following the American Revolutionary War. Many of them settled in Nassau (then and still the commerce capital of the Bahamas) and eventually came to outnumber the original inhabitants.As the population of Nassau grew, so did its populated areas. Today the city dominates the entire island and its satellite, Paradise Island. However, until the post-Second World War era, the outer suburbs scarcely existed. Most of New Providence was uncultivated bush until Loyalists were resettled there following the American Revolutionary War; they established several plantations, such as Clifton and Tusculum. Slaves were imported as labour.After the British abolished the international slave trade in 1807, they resettled thousands of Africans liberated from slave ships by the Royal Navy on New Providence (at Adelaide Village and Gambier Village), along with other islands such as Grand Bahama, Exuma, Abaco and Inagua. In addition, slaves freed from American ships, such as the Creole case in 1841, were allowed to settle here. The largest concentration of Africans historically lived in the ""Over-the-Hill"" suburbs of Grants Town and Bain Town to the south of the city of Nassau, while most of the inhabitants of European descent lived on the island's northern coastal ridges."
"Plzeň or Pilsen (Czech pronunciation: [ˈpl̩.zɛɲ] (13px ); German: Pilsen) is a city in western Bohemia in the Czech Republic. About 90 km (56 miles) west of Prague, it is the fourth most populous city in the Czech Republic.The city is known worldwide for Pilsner beer, created by Bavarian brewer Josef Groll here in 1842."
"Polokwane (UK /ˌpɒləˈkwɑːnɪ/) meaning ""Place of Safety"", is a city in the Polokwane Local Municipality and the capital of the Limpopo province, South Africa. It is also often referred to by its former official name, Pietersburg. Polokwane is a major urban centre, the biggest and most important north of Gauteng. Polokwane was one of the host cities of the 2010 FIFA World Cup."
"Portland is the largest city in the state of Maine and the county seat of Cumberland County. In 2013, the city proper had a population of 66,318, growing 3 percent since the census of 2000, while the urban area had a population of 203,914. The Greater Portland metropolitan area is home to over half a million people, more than one-third of Maine's total population.Tourists visit Portland's historic Old Port district along Portland Harbor, at the mouth of the Fore River and part of Casco Bay, and the Arts District, which runs along Congress Street in the center of the city. Portland Head Light is located in nearby Cape Elizabeth and marks the entrance to Portland Harbor.The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which aligns with the city's motto, Resurgam, Latin for ""I will rise again.""  The motto refers to Portland's recoveries from four devastating fires.  The city of Portland, Oregon, was named for Portland, Maine.Portland Public Schools is the largest school system in Maine, serving more than 7,000 students. With about 230 restaurants, Portland is believed to have the most restaurants per capita of any city in the United States."
"Poznań [ˈpɔznaɲ] (13px ) known also by other historical names) is a city on the Warta river in west-central Poland, the region called Wielkopolska (Greater Poland). The city population is about 550,000, while the continuous conurbation with Poznan County and several other communities (Oborniki, Skoki, Szamotuły and Śrem) is inhabited by almost 1.1 million people. The Larger Poznań Metropolitan Area (PMA) is inhabited by 1.3-1.4 million people and extends to such satellite towns as Nowy Tomyśl, Gniezno and Wrzesnia, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Poland.Poznań is among the oldest cities in Poland and was one of the most important centers in the early Polish state in the tenth and eleventh centuries. The first center city was Ostrów Tumski, the natural island on the Warta river-very similar to the Île de la Cité in Paris. The first rulers were buried in Poznań's cathedral on the island. It also served as the capital for a short time in the 13th century, hence the official name: The capital city of Poznan.Poznań is one of the biggest cities in Poland. It is the historical capital of the Wielkopolska (Greater Poland) region and is currently the administrative capital of the province called Greater Poland Voivodeship. Poznań is today one of the largest Polish centers of trade, industry, sports, education, technology, tourism and culture. It is particularly important academic center, with about 130,000 students and the third biggest Polish university - Adam Mickiewicz University. It is also the residence of the oldest Polish diocese, now being one of the most populous archdioceses in the country.In 2012, the Poznań's Art and Business Center ""Stary Browar"" won a competition organized by National Geographic Traveller and was given the first prize as one of the seven ""New Polish Wonders"". Poznań has been rated highly, often coming first for Poland, as a city with a very high quality of life. The city has also won many times a prize awarded by ""Superbrands"" for a very high quality brand of city of Poznań. Poznań was classified in 2012 as high sufficiency city by Globalization and World Cities Research Network.The official patron saints of Poznań are Saint Peter and Paul of Tarsus, the patrons of the cathedral. As a patron of the city is regarded as well the patron of the main street Święty Marcin - Martin of Tours."
"Reykjavík (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈreiːcaˌviːk] (13px ), English /ˈreɪkjəˌvik/) is the capital and largest city of Iceland. Its latitude, at 64°08' N, makes it the world's northernmost capital of a sovereign state and a popular tourist destination. It is located in southwestern Iceland, on the southern shore of the Faxaflói Bay. With a population of around 120,000 (and over 200,000 in the Capital Region), it is the heart of Iceland's cultural, economic and governmental activity.Reykjavík is believed to be the location of the first permanent settlement in Iceland, which Ingólfur Arnarson is said to have established around AD 870. Until the 18th century, there was no urban development in the city location. The city was founded in 1786 as an official trading town and grew steadily over the next decades, as it transformed into a regional and later national center of commerce, population, and governmental activities. It is among the cleanest, greenest, and safest cities in the world."
"Rome (/ˈroʊm/, Italian: Roma [ˈroːma] (13px ), Latin: Rōma) is a city and special comune (named ""Roma Capitale"") in Italy. Rome is the capital of Italy and region of Lazio. With 2.9 million residents in 1,285 km2 (496.1 sq mi), it is also the country's largest and most populated comune and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits. The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents. The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula, within Lazio (Latium), along the shores of Tiber river. Vatican City is an independent country within the city boundaries of Rome, the only existing example of a country within a city: for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states.Rome's history spans more than two and a half thousand years, since its legendary founding in 753 BC. Rome is one of the oldest continuously occupied cities in Europe. It is referred to as ""The Eternal City"" (Latin: Roma Aeterna)  and ""Caput Mundi"" (English: Capital of the World), two central notions in ancient Roman culture. In the ancient world it was successively the capital city of the Roman Kingdom, the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire, and is regarded as one of the birthplaces of Western civilization. Since the 1st century AD, Rome has been considered the seat of the Papacy and in the 8th century it became the capital of the Papal States, which lasted until 1870. In 1871 Rome became the capital of the Kingdom of Italy, and in 1946 that of the Italian Republic.After the Middle Ages, almost all the popes since Nicholas V (1422–55) pursued coherently along four hundred years an architectonic and urbanistic program aimed to make of the city the world's artistic and cultural center. Due to that, Rome became first one of the major centers of the Italian Renaissance, and then the birthplace of the Baroque style. Famous artists and architects of the Renaissance and Baroque period made Rome the center of their activity, creating masterpieces throughout the city.Rome has the status of a global city. In 2011, Rome was the 18th-most-visited city in the world, 3rd most visited in the European Union, and the most popular tourist attraction in Italy. Its historic centre is listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. Monuments and museums such as the Vatican Museums and the Colosseum are among the world's most visited tourist destinations with both locations receiving millions of tourists a year. Rome hosted the 1960 Summer Olympics and is the seat of United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO)."
"Suva is the capital and the second most populated municipality of Fiji, after Nasinu. It is on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu, in the  Rewa Province, Central Division. In 1877, it was decided to make Suva the capital of Fiji when the geography of former main European settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive. The administration of the colony was moved from Levuka to Suva in 1882.Suva is Fiji's political and administrative capital. It is the largest and the most cosmopolitan city in the South Pacific and has become an important regional centre; students from the Pacific region and a growing expatriate community make up a significant portion of the city's population. Under authority of local government act Suva is governed and administratively looked after by Suva City Council.At the 2007 census, the city of Suva had a population of 85,691. Including independent suburbs, the population of the Greater Suva urban area was 172,399 at the 2007 census. Suva, along with the bordering cities of Lami, Nasinu, and Nausori have a total urban population of around 330,000, over a third of the nation's population. This urban complex is known also as the Suva–Nausori corridor (not including Lami)."
"Tallinn (/ˈtɑːlɪn/ or /ˈtælɪn/, Estonian pronunciation: [ˈtɑlʲˑinˑ]) is the capital and largest city of Estonia.Tallinn occupies an area of 159.2 km2 (61.5 sq mi) and has a population of 434,330. It is situated on the northern coast of the country, on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, 80 km (50 mi) south of Helsinki, east of Stockholm and west of Saint Petersburg. Tallinn's Old Town is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is ranked as a global city and has been listed among the top 10 digital cities in the world. The city was a European Capital of Culture for 2011, along with Turku in Finland.The city was known as Reval  from the 13th century until 1917  and again during the Nazi occupation of Estonia from 1941 to 1944.32.7% of Estonia's total population lives in Tallinn."
"The Hague (/ðə ˈheɪɡ/; Dutch: Den Haag pronounced [dɛnˈɦaːx] (13px ) or 's-Gravenhage pronounced [ˈsxraːvə(n)ˌɦaːɣə] (13px )) is the seat of government in the Netherlands, and the capital city of the province of South Holland.  With a population of 515,880 inhabitants (as of 1 January 2015) and more than one million inhabitants including the suburbs, it is the third-largest city of the Netherlands, after Amsterdam and Rotterdam. The combined urban area of The Hague and Rotterdam, with a population of approximately 2.9 million, is the 206th-largest urban area in the world and the most populous in the country. Located in the west of the Netherlands, The Hague is in the centre of the Haaglanden conurbation and lies at the southwest corner of the larger Randstad conurbation.The Hague is the seat of the Dutch government and parliament, the Supreme Court, and the Council of State, but the city is not the capital of the Netherlands which constitutionally is Amsterdam. King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands plans to live at Huis ten Bosch and works at Noordeinde Palace in The Hague, together with Queen Máxima. Most foreign embassies in the Netherlands and 150 international organisations are located in the city, including the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court, which makes The Hague one of the major cities hosting the United Nations, along with New York, Brussels, Geneva, Bonn, Vienna, Tokyo and Nairobi."
"Truro (/ˈtrʊəroʊ/; Cornish: Truru) is a city and civil parish in Cornwall, England, UK. The city is the centre for administration, leisure and retail in Cornwall, with a population recorded in the 2001 census of 17,431. Truro urban statistical area, which includes parts of surrounding parishes, has a 2001 census population of 20,920. By 2011 the city's population had decrease to 20,332; and including its surrounding urban area to 23,000 based on the results of the population of Cornwall in 2010. It is the only city in the county, and the most southern city in mainland Great Britain. People from Truro are known as Truronians.Truro initially grew as an important centre of trade from its port and then as a stannary town for the mining industry. The city is well known for its cathedral (completed in 1910), cobbled streets, open spaces and Georgian architecture. Places of interest include the Royal Cornwall Museum, the Hall for Cornwall, Cornwall's Courts of Justice and Cornwall Council."
"Winchester is a city and the county town of Hampshire. The city lies at the heart of the wider City of Winchester, a local government district, and is located at the western end of the South Downs National Park, along the course of the River Itchen. It is situated 61 miles (98 km) south-west of London and 13.6 miles (21.9 km) from Southampton, its closest city. At the time of the 2011 Census, Winchester had a population of 116,595.Winchester developed from the Roman town of Venta Belgarum, which developed from an Iron Age oppidum. Winchester's major landmark is Winchester Cathedral, one of the largest cathedrals in Europe, with the distinction of having the longest nave and overall length of all Gothic cathedrals in Europe. The city is home to the University of Winchester and Winchester College, the oldest public school in the United Kingdom still to be using its original buildings. The city's architectural and historic interest, and its fast links to other towns and cities have led Winchester to become one of the most expensive and desirable areas of the country. The demonym for a person from Winchester is ""Wintonian""."
"Liepāja (pronounced [liepaːja] (13px )); German: Libau, Polish: Lipawa), is a city in western Latvia, located on the Baltic Sea directly at 21°E. It is the largest city in the Kurzeme Region and the third largest city in the country after Riga and Daugavpils. An important ice-free port, as of 1 July 2011, Liepāja had a population of 75,000.Liepāja is known throughout Latvia as ""The city where the wind is born"", likely because of the constant sea breeze. A song of the same name (Latvian: ""Pilsētā, kurā piedzimst vējš"") was composed by Imants Kalniņš and has become the anthem of the city. Its reputation of Liepāja as the windiest city in Latvia was strengthened with the construction nearby of the largest wind power plant in the nation (33 Enercon wind turbines).The Coat of Arms of Liepāja was adopted four days after the jurisdiction gained city rights on 18 March 1625. These are described as: ""on a silver background, the lion of Courland with a divided tail, who leans upon a linden (Latvian: Liepa) tree with its forelegs."" The flag of Liepāja has the coat of arms in the center, with red in the top half and green in the bottom."
"Lobamba is the traditional, spiritual, and legislative capital city of Swaziland, seat of the Parliament, and residence of the Ntombi, the Queen Mother. Mswati III lives about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) away at the Lozitha Palace. The King and Queen Mother participate in annual December and January Incwala ceremonies and August and September Reed Dancees at the Royal Kraal.Key attractions are the Parliament, National Museum of Swaziland, Mlilwane Wildlife Sanctuary, and the King Sobhuza II Memorial Park. The Embo State Palace, not open to visitors, was built by the British government for the polygamous King Sobhuza II, whose family included 600 children. He led the movement for Swaziland's independence from the United Kingdom and was its first prime minister."
"Lorengau is the major town in Manus Province, Papua New Guinea. The town is located on the edge of Seeadler Harbour on Manus Island, in the Admiralty Islands, and in 2000 Lorengau was recorded to have a population of 5,829.Lundret village/Ward: 11 is 12 km inland from Lorengau. Lundret village has a population of 508 as of 20 May 2010. The first Native School was established by the late Veteran Soldier Army No: PN 417- WO2 WILLIAM MATPI from Bowat village. His mother is from Lundret village."
"Abakaliki is the capital city of the present-day Ebonyi State in southeastern Nigeria, located 64 kilometres (40 mi) southeast of Enugu. The inhabitants are primarily members of the Igbo nation. It was the headquarters of the Ogoja province before the creation of the Southeastern State in 1967."
"Abha (Arabic: أبها‎ Abhā) is the capital of Asir province in Saudi Arabia. It is situated 2,200 meters above sea level in the fertile mountains of south-western Saudi Arabia, near Asir National Park. Abha's mild climate makes it a popular tourist destination for Saudis."
"Ad Damazin (Arabic: الدمازين‎ Ad Damazīn) is the capital of Blue Nile State in Sudan.  It is the location of the Roseires Dam and power generation plant.Ad Damazin is served by a terminal station of a branch line of the national railway network. However, the train service to Ad Damazin has been discontinued many years ago. Instead the town can be reached from Khartoum via a decent tarmac road and by plane. However, Ad Damazin Airport is mainly served by UNMIS or government flights.   Ad-Damazin is currently the Capital of Blue Nile State, with Al-Hadi Bushra as the current Governor. Malik Agar Eyre was the SPLM/A chairman for the State of Blue Nile until September 2, 2011. He was ousted by president Bashir, and replaced by General Yahia Mohammed Kheir, after fights broke out between the Sudanese Army Forces and the SPLM-N of former governor Malik Agar.Blue Nile University (Jameat Al Neel Alazraq) is a public university located in Ad Damazin, established in 1995."
"Ado Ekiti is a city in southwest Nigeria, the state capital and headquarters of the Ekiti. It is also known as Ado. The population in 2004 was 446,749. The people of Ado Ekiti are mainly of the Ekiti sub-ethnic group of the Yoruba. Ado Ekiti City has a State owned University - the University of Ado Ekiti now Ekiti State University, Ado-Ekiti, a privately owned University - the Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti, a Polytechnic - the Federal Polytechnic, Ado-Ekiti, two local television and radio stations, - NTA Ado Ekiti, Ekiti State Television (BSES), Radio Ekiti, Progress FM Ado Ekiti. Various commercial enterprises operate in Ado Ekiti. The city is the trade centre for a farming region where yams, cassava, grain, and tobacco are grown. Cotton is also grown for weaving."
"Agios Nikolaos or Aghios Nikolaos (Greek: Άγιος Νικόλαος) is a coastal town on the Greek island of Crete, lying east of the island's capital Heraklion, north of the town of Ierapetra and west of the town of Sitia. In the year 2011, the Municipality of Agios Nikolaos, which takes in part of the surrounding villages, claimed 27,074 inhabitants. The town is a municipality of Crete region, and sits partially upon the ruins of the ancient city of Lato pros Kamara."
"Al Fashir, Al-Fashir or El Fasher (Arabic: الفاشر‎) is the capital city of North Darfur, Sudan.  It is a large town in the Darfur region of northwestern Sudan, 120 miles (195 km) northeast of Nyala, Sudan.  A historical caravan post, Al-Fashir is located at an elevation of about 2,400 feet (700 m). The town serves as an agricultural marketing point for the cereals and fruits grown in the surrounding region. Al-Fashir is linked by road with both Al-Junaynah and Umm Kaddadah. Al-Fashir has 264,734 residents (2006), increased from 2001, population (2001 est.) 178,500.Late in the 18th century, Sultan 'Abd al-Rahman al-Rashed of the Darfur moved his itinerant court (fashir) to a site called Rahad Tendelti, which soon took the name Al-Fashir. A town developed around the sultan's palace grounds. It was one of the cities Amelia Earhart visited while attempting to cross the world.Due to the nearby Abu Shouk and Al Salam IDP camps with the influx of humanitarian aid from the United Nations as a result of the Darfur crisis, the city has experienced a significant economic and population boom. Rents and retail sales increased, including the selling of bottled water and the opening of a pizza parlor to cater to the demand from western aid workers. The number of gas stations has tripled in three years as a result of the increase in the amount of automobiles in the city. Employment opportunities also increased as the United Nations offered jobs to citizens. Economics analyst Adam Ahmed stated that the ""people [of Al-Fashir] are beginning to think in a more business-minded way"" to make the most of their situation.Al Fashir University was created in 1990 by decree of President Omar Hassan Ahmed Bashir, and was officially opened in February 1991 in premises west of El Fasher Airport and south of the El Fashir School."
"Al-Ubayyid (Arabic: الأبيض‎ Al Ubayyiḍ), also spelled El Obeid, is the capital of the state of North Kurdufan, in southern Sudan."
"Alexandroupoli (Greek: Αλεξανδρούπολη, [aleksanˈðrupoli]) is a city in Greece and the capital of the Evros regional unit in East Macedonia and Thrace. It is an important port and commercial center of northeastern Greece.Alexandroupoli is one of the newest cities in Greece, as it was only a fishing village until the late 19th century. However, the modern city is located at the site of ancient Sale (Greek: Σάλη), a Greek city of the classical era founded by colonists from the island of Samothrace that is mentioned by Herodotus.Alexandroupoli benefits from its position at the centre of land and sea routes, connecting Greece with Turkey. Landmarks in Alexandroupoli include the city's lighthouse in the port, the archaeological sites of Mesimvria Zone and Maroneia stretching out to the small port of Agios Charalambos, the city's waterfront (center of commercial activity) and the nearby Evros Delta."
"Ambositra [amˈbusʲʈʂə̥] is a city (commune urbaine) in central Madagascar. Ambositra is the capital of the Amoron'i Mania region, and of Ambositra District.It is the centre of Madagascar's' wood-carving industry due to the presence of the Zafimaniry tribe, a subgroup of the Betsileo tribe. There are many shops selling wooden boxes, chessboards and figurines.The Diocese of Ambositra is located in the town, led by Bishop Fidelis Rakotonarivo."
"Amfissa (Greek: Άμφισσα [ˈamfisa], also mentioned in classical sources as Amphissa) is a town in Phocis, Greece, part of the municipality of Delphi, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit. It lies on the northern edge of the olive forest of the Crissaean plain, between two mountains, Giona to the west and Parnassus to the east, 200 km (120 mi) northwest of Athens and 20 km (12 mi) of Delphi, as well as 85 km (53 mi) northeast of Naupactus and 72 km (45 mi) south of Lamia.Amfissa dates back to antiquity, with its history spanning around 3,000 years, and has been traditionally the largest and capital city of Phocis. It was the most important city of the ancient Greek tribe of the Ozolian Locrians and one of the most powerful cities in Central Greece. In the Middle Ages, Amfissa came to be known as Salona, it declined after several foreign conquests and destructions, but emerged as an important city in the region and played a major role during the Greek War of Independence."
"Arawa was the capital and largest town in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea. It was largely destroyed during the Bougainville Civil War, resulting in the relocation of the capital to Buka, though there are plans to rebuild Arawa and make it the capital again. The land where Arawa is now situated was previously a large expatriate plantation."
"Argostoli (Greek: Αργοστόλι, Katharevousa: Αργοστόλιον) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia, Ionian Islands, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Kefalonia, of which it is a municipal unit. It has been the capital and administrative centre of Kefalonia since 1757, following a population shift down from the old capital of Agios Georgios (also known as Kastro) to take advantage of the trading opportunities provided by the sheltered bay upon which Argostoli sits.  Argostoli developed into one of the busiest ports in Greece, leading to prosperity and growth. The 2011 census recorded a population of 10,633 in the Argostoli municipal unit. Its largest towns are Argostóli (pop. 9,748), Razata (507), Dilináta (496) and Kompothekráta (449)."
"Arta (Greek: Άρτα) is a city in northwestern Greece, capital of the regional unit of Arta, which is part of Epirus region. The city was known in ancient times as Ambracia (Ancient Greek: Αμβρακία). Arta is known for the medieval bridge over the Arachthos River. Arta is also known for its ancient sites from the era of Pyrrhus of Epirus and its well-preserved 13th-century castle. Arta's Byzantine history is reflected in its many Byzantine churches; perhaps the best known is the Panagia Paregoretissa (Mother of God the Consoling), built about 1290 by Despot Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas. The city is the seat of the Technological Educational Institute of Epirus."
"Assab or Aseb (Tigrinya: ዓሰብ?</span>, ʿAsäb; Arabic: عصب‎) is a port city in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea. It is situated on the west coast of the Red Sea."
"Atambua is seat capital of Belu Regency, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. The town is preparing to be a City Council this year. The town stretches as far as 8.5 km from North to South and 5 km from East to West, and is located in the north of the western half of Timor Island. The town is located at an altitude of about 350 m above sea level with temperatures ranging between 25-37 degrees Celsius making this area feel quite warm.In September 1999, 250,000 refugees arrived here from East Timor, after their vote for independence and the following violence.  As late as 2002 there was an estimated 60,000 refugees left in camps.The town is home to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Atambua.  The Diocese's population is over 95% Catholic, among the highest percentages of Catholics in all of Indonesia."
"Axum or Aksum (Tigrinya: ኣኽሱም?</span> /'aq͡χʼsum/, Amharic: አክሱም?</span> /'aksum/) is a city in northern Ethiopia. The town has a population of 56,500 residents (2010), and is governed as an urban wäräda.The original capital of the Kingdom of Aksum, it is one of the oldest continuously inhabited places in Africa. Axum was a naval and trading power that ruled the region from about 400 BC into the 10th century. In 1980 UNESCO added Aksum's archaeological sites to its list of World Heritage Sites due to their historic value.Located in the Mehakelegnaw Zone of the Tigray Region near the base of the Adwa mountains, Axum has an elevation of 2,131 metres (6,991 ft). Axum is surrounded by La'ilay Maychew wäräda."
"Az Zubayr (Arabic: الزبير‎) or Zubair, is a town in Basra Governorate in Iraq, just south of Basra. It also used sometimes to refer to the old Emirate of Zubair.The name is also sometimes written Az Zubair, Zubair, Zoubair, El Zubair, or Zobier."
"Babati is a small town in Babati District of Manyara Region of Tanzania. It is the administrative capital of the district and also the administrative capital of Manyara Region. Babati town has developed from a mere village since Babati District was established in 1985. The new status boosted the town into rapid growth. The town is located at the end of Tarangire National Park and at the base of Lake Babati, nestling under Mt. Kwaraa (2145 m asl.)."
"Bafoussam is the capital of the West Region of Cameroon, in the Bamboutos Mountains. It is the prefecture of the Mifi department, one of three arrondissements in the department.  The city had a population of 239,287 inhabitants (at the 2005 Census). The city is the region's center of trade. People are farming coffee, tobacco and tea. The city has also a coffee processing facility and brewery. It is the main city of the Bamiléké people and is home to a chief's palace.  The city of Bafoussam has grown to now include the three traditional ""chefferies"" of Baleng, Fusap and Bamougoum.  The main neighborhoods of the city are Banego, Djeleng, Famla, Kamkop, Quartier Eveché, Quartier Haussa and Tamdja.Bafoussam has two main markets (Marché A and Marché B), several internet cafes, restaurants and supermarkets and a movie theater.  Most of Bafoussam nightlife centers on the area called Akwa (so-named in honor of the neighborhood in Douala).  Akwa features several bars, stores, and a live music venue, along with customary vendors of soya (grilled meat brochettes), poisson braisé (grilled fish) and other foods.This is the birthplace of footballer Geremi and his 17 brothers and sisters, as well as the birthplace of his cousin Pierre Achille Webo."
"Bagé is a municipality in the south of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.  In 2007 its population was 164,550 (IBGE) in a total area of 4,096 km2.  It was the tenth largest city in the state in 2007"
"Bagan (Burmese: ပုဂံ; MLCTS: pu.gam, IPA: [bəɡàɴ]; formerly Pagan) is an ancient city located in the Mandalay Region of Burma (Myanmar). From the 9th to 13th centuries, the city was the capital of the Kingdom of Pagan, the first kingdom to unify the regions that would later constitute modern Myanmar. During the kingdom's height between the 11th and 13th centuries, over 10,000 Buddhist temples, pagodas and monasteries were constructed in the Bagan plains alone, of which the remains of over 2200 temples and pagodas still survive to the present day.There is a well-known saying of Myanmar people : ""If you are a real Myanmar, you must have been to Bagan."" Bagan is spirit of history of Myanmar.The Bagan Archaeological Zone is a main draw for the country's nascent tourism industry. It is seen by many as equal in attraction to Angkor Wat in Cambodia."
"Bagansiapiapi ( Chinese: 峇眼亞比; pinyin: bā yǎn yǎ bǐ) is a city in Riau province on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia. The city is the capital of Rokan Hilir Regency in the Riau Province and is located on the east coast of Sumatra, on the Rokan River delta across the strait west of Malacca and near Dumai."
"Baiji (Arabic: بيجي‎; also spelled Bayji) is a city of about 200,000 inhabitants in northern Iraq. It is located some 130 miles north of Baghdad, on the main road to Mosul. It is a major industrial centre best known for its oil refinery, the biggest in Iraq, and has a large power plant. With regards to transport in the area, Baiji is a junction of the national railway network."
"Bamenda, also known as Abakwa and Mankon Town, is a city in northwestern Cameroon and capital of the North West Region. The city had a population of about 500,000 people, and is located 366 kilometres (227 mi) north-west of the Cameroonian capital, Yaoundé. Bamenda is known for its cool climate and scenic hilly location."
"Banha (also spelled Benha ; Egyptian Arabic: بنها  pronounced [ˈbænhæ]) is the capital of the Qalyubia Governorate in north-eastern Egypt. Egyptians call it Banhā el-'asal, which means ""Sweet like honey""; the nomenclature originally comes from when the Prophet Muhammed sent his message to Muqawqis, ruler of Egypt, to convert to Islam, he replied by sending him gifts; two were slave girls Maria and her sister Sirīn, who were from Upper Egypt, and jar of honey. After the Prophet tasted it, he asked ""Where is it from ?"" They replied ""from Benha"" he said ""God bless Benha and its sons""."
"Banjarbaru is a city in the province of South Kalimantan in Indonesia. It is located 35 kilometres (22 mi) southeast of Banjarmasin. The city had a population of 199,627 at the 2010 Census; and the latest official estimate is 215,440; the town of Martapura lies immediately to the north of Banjarbaru, and in effect constitutes an extension of the city."
"Baqubah (Aramaic: ܒܰܩܽܘܒܰܐ‎, Arabic: بعقوبة‎; BGN: Ba‘qūbah; also spelled Baquba and Baqouba; its name originates from the Aramaic words ""Bet"" (house) and ""Yaqub"" (Jacob) and means ""Jacob's house"") is the capital of Iraq's Diyala Governorate. The city is located some 50 km (31 mi) to the northeast of Baghdad, on the Diyala River. In 2003 it had an estimated population of some 467,900 people.Baqubah served as a way station between Baghdad and Khorasan on the medieval Silk Road. During the Abbasid Caliphate, it was known for its date and fruit orchards, irrigated by the Nahrawan Canal. Situated on the main road and rail routes between Baghdad and Iran it is a centre of trade for agricultural produce. It is now known as the centre of Iraq's commercial orange groves."
"Batusangkar (batu: stone, rock, sangkar: cage) is the capital of the Tanah Datar regency of West Sumatra, Indonesia. It is known as ""the city of culture""."
"Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and one of the most populous cities in the world.  The population as of 2013 was 21,150,000. The city proper is the 3rd largest in the world. The metropolis, located in northern China, is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government, with 14 urban and suburban districts and two rural counties.  Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast.Beijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai and is the nation's political, cultural, and educational center. It is home to the headquarters of most of China's largest state-owned companies, and is a major hub for the national highway, expressway, railway, and high-speed rail networks.  The Beijing Capital International Airport is the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic.The city's history dates back three millennia. As the last of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China, Beijing has been the political center of the country for much of the past eight centuries. The city is renowned for its opulent palaces, temples, parks and gardens, tombs, walls and gates, and its art treasures and universities have made it a center of culture and art in China. Encyclopædia Britannica notes that ""few cities in the world have served for so long as the political headquarters and cultural centre of an area as immense as China.""  Beijing has seven UNESCO World Heritage Sites – the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, Summer Palace, Ming Tombs, Zhoukoudian, Great Wall, and the Grand Canal."
"Beira is the second largest city in Mozambique.  It lies in the central region of the country in Sofala Province, where the Pungue River meets the Indian Ocean.  Beira had a population of 412,588 in 1997, which grew to an estimated 546,000 in 2006. It holds the regionally significant Port of Beira which acts as a gateway for both the central interior portion of the country as well as the land-locked nations of Zimbabwe, Zambia and Malawi. Beira was originally developed by the Portuguese Mozambique Company in the 19th century, and directly developed by the Portuguese colonial government from 1947 until Mozambique gained its independence from Portugal in 1975."
"Bekasi (Indonesian: Kota Bekasi) is a city in West Java, Indonesia, located on the eastern border of Jakarta within the Jabodetabek metropolitan region, as such it serves as a bedroom and factory town for Jakarta.  To the south is Bogor Regency, east is Bekasi Regency.<ref> </ref>  It is Indonesia's most populated suburb, and one of the most populated worldwide, but still trails the likes of Incheon and Yokohama.It has an area of 210.49 square kilometres (81.27 sq mi) and had 1,993,478 people in 2005<ref>[1]</ref> The 2010 population was counted as 2,378,211,<ref> </ref> catapulting it to Indonesia's fourth largest city, and second to only Bandung in West Java. The latest official estimate (for 2014) is 2,510,951, giving a density of 11,929 inhabitants per square kilometre (30,900/sq mi).Substantial urban areas surround the city. It serves as a commuter city for Jakarta, although it has notable trade, business and processing industries. These are primarily clustered in the area of Karawang."
"Bengkalis (Kota Bengkalis) was the seat (capital) of Bengkalis Regency in the Riau province of Indonesia until 8 July 2013, when it became an independent city.  It is located on Bengkalis Island.  The city had a population of 66,211.Bengkalis has a  hot and humid equatorial/tropical climate.  The city is humid throughout the year with daily temperature range 26 to 32 degrees Celsius."
"Benguela (Portuguese pronunciation: [bẽˈɡɛlɐ], São Felipe de Benguela, formerly spelled Benguella)  is a city in western Angola, south of Luanda, and capital of Benguela Province. It lies on a bay of the same name, in 12° 33’ S., 13° 25’ E. Benguela is one of Angola's most populous cities."
"Benin City is a city (2006 est. pop. 1,147,188) and the capital of Edo State in southern Nigeria. It is a city approximately 25 miles north of the Benin River. It is situated 200 miles by road east of Lagos. Benin is the centre of Nigeria's rubber industry, but processing palm nuts for oil is also an important traditional industry."
"Bensonville is the capital city of Montserrado County, Liberia. As of the 2008 national census, its population stood at 4,089. Bensonville is located 20 miles away from the national capital, Monrovia, which is also located in Montserrado County. It is a commercial center for the surrounding agricultural area.It was the birthplace of William R. Tolbert, Jr., the 20th president of Liberia. Before he was killed in a coup in 1980, Tolbert had planned to make Bensonville the country's new capital city.Prior to the Liberian Civil War, Bensonville's industrial activity included producing milled rice, sawn wood, soap, plastics, paints, furniture and fixtures, cement blocks, oils, processed fish, and confections."
"Bertoua is the capital of the Eastern Region of Cameroon and of the Lom-et-Djerem Department. It has a population of 88,462 (at the 2005 Census), and is the traditional home of the Gbaya people. It is home to an airport and Mission Cameroon (in Polish: Misja Kamerun) of Polish Dominican Order.In 2014, the hospital in Bertoua became known for its work serving the medical needs of refugees from the Central African Republic crossing into Cameroon at border towns such as Gbiti."
"Bhisho (formerly Bisho) is the capital of the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa. The Provincial legislature and many other government departments are headquartered in the town. Bhisho is the Xhosa word for buffalo, which is also the name of the river that runs through this town.The town is part of the Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality of the Eastern Cape, the urban agglomeration around East London."
"Biograd na Moru (Croatian pronunciation: [bîoɡraːd na môːru] or [biǒɡrad]) is a city and municipality in northern Dalmatia, Croatia and is significant for being the former capital of the medieval Croatian Kingdom. Its population is 5,569 (2011). Biograd is administratively part of the Zadar County. It is located on the Adriatic Sea coast, overlooking the island of Pašman, on the road from Zadar and Sukošan towards Vodice and Šibenik. The city of Biograd is a noted tourist resort with a long tradition. Its first tourists started arriving in the 1920s from Czechoslovakia and its first hotel was built in 1935."
"Birjand (Persian: بیرجند‎ About this sound pronunciation , also Romanized as Bīrjand and Birdjand) is the east Iranian provincial capital of South Khorasan and the centre of the county Birjand resp. Quhestan, known for its saffron, barberry, rug and handmade carpet exports.The city of Birjand had a population of 157,848 people at the time of the last official census in 2006.Being close to the Afghanistan border, Birjand is located on the ""Silk Road"" of opium smuggled from Afghanistan on the way to Europe (also dubbed the ""opium crescent"").The city has a dry climate with significant difference between day and night temperatures. It is a fast-growing city, thus becoming one of the major centres in the East of Iran."
"Birnin Kebbi is a city located in northwestern Nigeria. It is the capital city of Kebbi State and headquarters of the Gwandu Emirate. As of 2007 the city has an estimated population of 125,594.Formerly it was the capital of the Kebbi Emirate, which relocated to Argungu after the conquest by Gwandu in 1831."
"Bontang is a city on the eastern coast of the island of Borneo in Indonesia, in the province of East Kalimantan.  It occupies an area of 497.57 km2, and the population was 140,787 at the 2010 Census.  However, the 2012 Civil Registry listed the population of the city as 175,830."
"Bucaramanga is the capital city of the department of Santander, Colombia. Bucaramanga has the fifth largest economy by GDP in Colombia, has the lowest unemployment rate, the highest GINI index, and has the eighth largest population in the country, with 530,900 people. Bucaramanga has over 160 parks scattered throughout the city and has been given the nickname ""La Ciudad de Los Parques"" (""The City of Parks"") and ""La Ciudad Bonita de Colombia"" (""Colombia's Beautiful City"").Bucaramanga has grown rapidly since the 1960s, mostly into neighboring locations within the metropolitan area. Floridablanca, Girón and Piedecuesta are inextricably linked geographically and commercially with Bucaramanga, and now all form together the Bucaramanga metropolitan area in Colombia with 1,276,329 inhabitants.The city is the base of the Colombian Petroleum Institute (ICP), the research branch of the state oil company Ecopetrol and the Colombian Natural Gas Company (Ecogas)."
"Bukittinggi (Indonesian for ""high hill"") is the second biggest city in West Sumatra, Indonesia, with a population of over 117,000 people and an area of 25.24 km². It is in the Minangkabau Highlands, 90 km by road from the West Sumatran capital city of Padang. The whole area is directly adjacent to the Agam Regency. It is located at 0°18′20″S 100°22′9″E, near the volcanoes Mount Singgalang (inactive) and Mount Marapi (still active). At 930 m above sea level, the city has a cool climate with temperatures between 16.1° to 24.9°C. The city is the birthplace of some of the founders of the Republic of Indonesia, such as Mohammad Hatta and Assaat.Bukittinggi was formerly known as Fort de Kock and was once dubbed as Parijs van Sumatera besides of Medan. The city has been the capital of Indonesia during the Emergency Government of the Republic of Indonesia (PDRI). Before it became the capital of PDRI, the city has become the center of government, both at the time of the Dutch East Indies and during the Japanese colonial period.Bukittinggi is also known as a tourist city in West Sumatera. It is siblings (sister city) with Seremban in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. A well-visited tourist spot is the Jam Gadang, a clock tower located in the heart of the city which is also a symbol for the city."
"Buraydah (Arabic: بريدة‎ Burayda) is the capital of Al-Qassim Region in northcentral Saudi Arabia in the heart of the Arabian Peninsula. Buraydah lies equidistant from the Red Sea to the west and the Persian Gulf to the east. It has a population of 614,093 (2010 census).Buraydah, the regional capital of Al-Qassim Region, is located on the edge of the Wadi Al-Rummah.Buraydah has a typical desert climate, with hot summers, cold winters and low humidity.In Buraydah, agriculture is still the cornerstone of the economy. The traditional oasis products of dates, lemon, orange and other fruits are still important. Modern introduction of wheat production has become so successful that Buraydah is one of the largest producers in the kingdom, important in making Saudi Arabia a net exporter of cereal.In 1987 Sandra Mackey, author of The Saudis: Inside the Desert Kingdom, said that Buraydah was ""a hotbed of fundamentalism even in the most normal of circumstances."""
"Caçapava do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, located on the banks of the Camaquã River. As of 2006 the city had a population of 34,461. It was the 2nd capital of the Piratini Republic from 1839 to 1840.The economy depends primarily on the mining industry.  Caçapava do Sul produces 80% of the calcareous rock mined in Rio Grande do Sul. For many years it was Brazil's major producer of copper and is still an important center of copper mining.A major deposit of copper ore was discovered in the 1940s by the CBC (Companhia Brasileira do Cobre / Brazilian Copper Company), under the direction of Brazilian industrialist and famous playboy Francisco ""Baby"" Pignatari. The area, about 5 kilometers from Caçapava, came to be known as the Minas do Camaquã  (Camaquã Mines).  This large operation contributed enormously to the town's economy and is still the site of operating copper mines, by such companies as Majestic Diamonds & Metals.The area is one of great natural beauty, with several interesting natural formations. Nearby lies Pedra do Segredo (Stone of the Secret), a famous natural outcropping of stone that attracts mountain climbers and tourists from all over the state and elsewhere."
"Cahaba, also spelled Cahawba, was the first permanent state capital of Alabama from 1820 to 1825.  It is now a ghost town and state historic site.  The site is located in Dallas County, southwest of Selma."
"Calang, the capital of the Aceh Jaya Regency of the special territory (daerah istimewa) of Aceh was on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia. It had a population of about 12,000 though it was reported to have ""vanished completely leaving only scattered shards of concrete"" as a result of the tsunami produced by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Only about 30 per cent of the townspeople have survived.The trail of destruction left by the tsunami extends two kilometers inland from the coast. Whole hills have been washed away.The township, a former Indonesian Military (TNI, Tentara Nasional Indonesia) stronghold, will be relocated inland according to Indonesian Welfare Minister Alwi Shihab."
"Cheyenne (/ʃaɪˈæn/ shy-AN or /ʃaɪˈɛn/) (Arapaho: Hítesííno'óowú' ) is the capital and most populous city of the US state of Wyoming and the county seat of Laramie County. It is the principal city of the Cheyenne, Wyoming, Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Laramie County. The population was 59,466 at the 2010 census. Cheyenne is the northern terminus of the extensive and fast-growing Front Range Urban Corridor that stretches from Cheyenne to Pueblo, Colorado, and has a population of 4,333,742 according to the 2010 United States Census. Cheyenne is situated on Crow Creek and Dry Creek. The Cheyenne, Wyoming Metropolitan Area had a 2010 population of 91,738, making it the 354th most populous metropolitan area in the United States."
"Chinhoyi  a town in Zimbabwe."
"Cilacap Regency (also spelt: Chilachap, old spelling: Tjilatjap) is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the southwestern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is the town of Cilacap.Cilacap Regency covers an area of 2,124.47 sq.km, and it had a population of 1,642,107 at the 2010 Census; the latest estimate (as at January 2014) is 1,662,248. The language used in Cilacap is the Javanese Language, but most people can speak Indonesian. The dialect used is Banyumasan.There are schools of all levels in Cilacap and several higher-learning institutions, but no university. There are several academies such as Akademi Maritim Nusantara (National Maritime Academy). A polytechnic, called Politeknik Cilacap, was established in 2008 and offers education in Engineering, Electronics and Informatics."
"Cilegon  is a major coastal industrial city in Banten province, Indonesia, covering 175.51 km2. It has a Census population of 374,464 in 2010; the official intercensal estimated population was 416,464 for 2014.   Among the factories located in Cilegon are Krakatau Steel Company, a vital company in Indonesia, which produces steel for industrial (domestic and foreign) needs, and Asahimas Chemical Company. The other name for Cilegon is ""Steel City"" since the city is the largest steel producer in Southeast Asia, about 6 million tons of steel produced each year in the Industrial Area Krakatau Steel, Cilegon. Additionally Cilegon is one of the vital state objects. This is because in this town there is a wide range of other vital objects such as the Merak Harbour, Krakatau Steel Industrial Zone (including the PT. Krakatau Steel Tbk, Asahimas, Siemens, KS - POSCO joint venture, Chandra Asri, and Pertamina), PLTU Suralaya, Power plant Krakatau, Krakatau Tirta Industrial Water Treatment Plant, The Sunda Strait Bridge Construction (Lot Plan) & Sunda Strait Industrial Zones."
"Concepción del Uruguay is a city in Argentina.It is located in the Entre Ríos province, on the western shore of the Uruguay River, some 320 kilometers north from Buenos Aires. Its population is about 80,000 inhabitants (2001 census [INDEC])."
"Corfu (Greek: Κέρκυρα - Kérkyra) is a city and a former municipality on the island of Corfu, Ionian Islands, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform, it is part of the municipality Corfu, of which it is a municipal unit. It is the capital of the island and of the Corfu regional unit. The city also serves as a capital for the region of the Ionian Islands. The city (pop. 28,185 in 2001) is a major tourist attraction, and has played an important role since the 8th century. The city has become known as a Kastropolis (Castle City) because of its two castles. In 2007, the old town of the city was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List. The municipal unit of Corfu city has a land area of 41.905 km2 (16.180 sq mi) and a total population of 39,487 inhabitants. Besides the city of Corfu/Kérkyra, its largest other towns are Kanáli (pop. 3,556), Potamós (2,365), Kontokáli (1,616), Alepoú (1,606), and Gouviá (952)."
"Douala (German: Duala) is the largest city in Cameroon, the capital of Cameroon's Littoral Region and the richest city in the whole CEMAC region of six countries. Home to Cameroon's largest port and its major international airport, Douala International Airport, it is the commercial capital of the country. Consequently, it handles most of the country's major exports, such as oil, cocoa and coffee, timber, metals and fruits. As of 2010 the city and its surrounding area had an estimated population that surpassed 3,000,000 inhabitants. The city sits on the estuary of the Wouri River and its climate is tropical.Settlements had already existed on present-day Douala prior to the arrival of the Portuguese, British, and Germans; however, it was during the  German colonization that the city began to develop rapidly as a commercial and political hub of the German colonial administration. During World War I a bitter battle was fought for control of Douala. The City surrendered to British and French forces on the 27th of September, 1914. A joint Anglo-French condominium governed the city until a comprehensive agreement ceded it (and much of Cameroon) to the French. After the independence of Cameroon, Douala has grown rapidly. Local industries, trade, and other opportunities have attracted an unprecedented influx of migrants, especially from the western region of Cameroon. People from other countries in the region have also permanently settled in the city; they include Nigerians, Chadians, and Malians. In recent times city authorities have been overwhelmed by rapidly increasing population; services are stretched and there is an urgent need to enhance the city's ability to cope with the rapid growth.Douala is the 27th most expensive city in the world and the most expensive in Africa, overtaking Lagos. It is ranked 27th for 2009, up from 34th in 2008. In 2007 it was ranked 24th in the world and 1st in Africa. Douala is the first city in tropical Africa to have a piped natural gas supply (presently serving only industrial customers)."
"Ebolowa is the capital of Cameroon's South Region. It has a population of 79,500 (2001 estimate). It is a colonial town and a notable agricultural centre."
"Edessa (Greek: Έδεσσα, Édessa, [ˈeðesa]), known as ""city of waters"", is a city in northern Greece and the capital of the Pella regional unit, in the Central Macedonia region of Greece. It was also the capital of the defunct province of the same name.  It is the second largest city in Pella, after Giannitsa.Edessa holds a special place in the history of the Greek world, as it was here that Caranus established the first capital of ancient Macedon. Later, under the Byzantine Empire, Edessa benefited from its strategic location, controlling the Via Egnatia as it enters the Pindus mountains, and became a center of medieval Greek culture, famed for its strong walls and fortifications. In the modern period, Edessa was one of Greece's industrial centers until the middle of the 20th century, with many textile factories operating in the city and its immediate vicinity. Today however its economy mainly relies on services and tourism. Edessa hosts most of the administrative services of the Pella regional unit, as well as some departments of the Thessaloniki-based University of Macedonia."
"Episkopi Cantonment is the capital of Akrotiri and Dhekelia, a British Overseas Territory on the island of Cyprus, administered as a Sovereign Base Area. It is located in the middle of the Western Sovereign Base Area, one of the two areas which comprise the territory.  It is located at 34°40′N 32°51′E.  Although it is not the largest of the British military bases on the island, it is however home to both the civilian and military administration headquarters of the Sovereign Base Areas."
"Fenoarivo Atsinanana (French: Fénérive Est) is a city (commune urbaine) in Madagascar.It is the capital of the Analanjirofo region and of the Fenoarivo Atsinanana District.The city is located on the east coast about 103 km north of the city of Toamasina."
"Florianópolis (Portuguese pronunciation: [floɾi.aˈnɔpolis] is the capital city and second largest city of Santa Catarina state in the Southern region of Brazil. It is composed of one main island, the Island of Santa Catarina (Ilha de Santa Catarina), a continental part and the surrounding small islands. It has a population of 421,203, according to the 2001 Brazilian census, the second most populous city in the state (after Joinville), and the 47th in Brazil. The metropolitan area has an estimated population of 1,096,476, the 21st largest in the country. The city is known for having a very high quality of life, being the Brazilian capital city with the highest Human Development Index score (0.905).The economy of Florianópolis is heavily based on information technology, tourism and services. The city has 42 beaches and is a center of surfing activity. The New York Times reported that ""Florianopolis is the Party Destination of the Year in 2009."" Newsweek placed Florianópolis in the ""Ten most dynamic cities of the world"" list in 2006. Veja, a Brazilian publication, named the city as ""the best place to live in Brazil."" As a result of this exposure, Florianópolis is growing as a second home destination for many Paulistas, Argentines, North Americans, and Europeans.Most of the population lives on the mainland and on the island's central and northern parts. The southern half is less inhabited. Many small commercial fishermen populate the island. The fishing boats, the lacemakers, the folklore, the cuisine and the colonial architecture contribute to the growing tourism and attracts resources that compensate for the lack of any large industry. Villages immersed in tradition and history, such as Santo Antônio de Lisboa and Ribeirão da Ilha still resist the advances of modernity.The Hercílio Luz International Airport serves the city. Florianópolis is home to the Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina (Federal University of Santa Catarina). There are also the Santa Catarina Federal Institute of Education, Science and Technology (Instituto Federal de Santa Catarina), and two campuses of the Universidade do Estado de Santa Catarina (State University of Santa Catarina), amongst other institutions of higher and professional education."
"Florina (Greek: Φλώρινα, known also by several alternative names) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia, Greece. Its motto is, 'Where Greece begins'. It is also the Metropolitan seat for the region. It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit, of which it is the capital. Florina belongs to the region of West Macedonia. The town's population is 16,771 people (2001 census). It is in a wooded valley about 13 km (8 mi) south of the international border of Greece with the Republic of Macedonia."
"Fujiwara-kyō (藤原京) was the Imperial capital of Japan for sixteen years, between 694 and 710. It was located in Yamato Province (present-day Kashihara in Nara Prefecture), having been moved from nearby Asuka. However, the name Fujiwara-kyō was never used in the Nihon Shoki. During those times it was recorded as Aramashi-kyō (新益京).As of 2006, ongoing excavations have revealed construction on the site of Fujiwara-kyō as early as 682, near the end of the reign of Emperor Temmu.  With a brief halt upon Emperor Temmu's death, construction resumed under Empress Jitō, who officially moved the capital in 694. Fujiwara-kyō remained the capital for the reigns of Emperor Mommu and Empress Gemmei, but in 710 the Imperial court moved to the Heijō Palace in Nara, beginning the Nara period."
"Garoua(German: Garua) is a port city and the capital of the North Region of Cameroon, lying on the Benue River. It is the center of trade of the surrounding agricultural region and also houses several textile processing facilities. The city has 235,996 inhabitants according to the 2005 Census, making it the third most populous city in Cameroon after the seaport city of Douala and the capital, Yaoundé. Garoua is an oasis of green in the heart of the bush. It therefore constitutes a tourist hub: to the north lie the Waza National Park and the Kapsiki region, and to the south the Benue National Park, the Bouba Njida National Park, and the Faro Reserve. The city is the birthplace of the first President of Cameroon Ahmadou Ahidjo. Because of this it has benefited from many developments, including an international airport with direct flights to Paris via Cameroon Airlines. The major and dominant ethnic group in the town are the Fulbe"
"Gbarnga is the capital city of Bong County, Liberia, lying north east of Monrovia.   During the First Liberian Civil War, it was the base for Charles Taylor's National Patriotic Front of Liberia.  Cuttington College lies near the town and its campus was once home to the Africana Museum, now destroyed.As of the 2008 census, Gbarnga has a population of 34,046. Of this, 16,080 were male and 17,966 female; it is the fourth most populous urban area in Liberia.Gbarnga is the hometown of Tamba Hali of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.The town is twinned with Baltimore, Maryland, in the United States."
"George Town is a city situated on the Grand Cayman island of the Cayman Islands. It serves as the capital of the Cayman Islands, in the British West Indies. As of 2007, the city had a population of 28,836, making it the second largest city (by population) of all the British Overseas Territories.George Town is the heart of the Cayman Islands financial industry, there are close to 600 Bank and Trust companies in the Cayman Islands. The Caymanian government offices are located in the city."
"George Town (also spelled less commonly as Georgetown) is the capital of the state of Penang in Malaysia. Named after Britain's King George III, George Town is located on the north-east corner of Penang Island. The inner city has a population of 510,996 and the metropolitan area known as George Town Conurbation which consists of Penang Island, Seberang Prai, Kulim and Sungai Petani has a combined population of 2,251,792, making it the second largest metropolitan area in Malaysia.Formerly a municipality and then a city in its own right, since 1976 George Town has been part of the Municipality of Penang Island, though the area formerly governed by the City Council of George Town is still commonly referred to as a city. George Town is also known as Tanjung (""The Cape"") in Malay, Qiáozhì Shì (乔治市) in Chinese and ஜோர்ஜ் டவுன் (Georgetown) in Tamil. Its Malay name is derived from the older name of the town, Tanjung Penaga (""Cape Penaigre"").The inner city of George Town is a UNESCO World Heritage Site."
"Gondar or Gonder (Amharic: ጎንደር?</span>, Gonder or Gondär; formerly ጐንደር, Gʷandar or Gʷender) is a city and separate woreda in Ethiopia. Located in the Semien Gondar Zone of the Amhara Region, Gondar is north of Tana Lake on the Lesser Angereb River and southwest of the Simien Mountains. It has a latitude and longitude of 12°36′N 37°28′E with an elevation of 2133 meters above sea level. It is surrounded by the Gondar Zuria woreda.Gondar previously served as the capital of both the Ethiopian Empire and the subsequent Begemder Province. The city holds the remains of several royal castles, including those in Fasil Ghebbi (the Royal Enclosure), for which Gondar has been called the ""Camelot of Africa""."
"Grytviken (Swedish for ""the Pot Bay"") is  a settlement in the British territory of South Georgia in the South Atlantic. It was so named in 1902 by the Swedish surveyor Johan Gunnar Andersson who found old English try pots used to render seal oil at the site. It is the best harbour on the island, consisting of a bay (King Edward Cove) within a bay (Cumberland East Bay). The site is quite sheltered, provides a substantial area of flat land suitable for building, and has a good supply of fresh water."
"Guimarães (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɡimɐˈɾɐ̃ȷ̃ʃ]) is a northern Portuguese city and municipality in the district of Braga, in the Ave Subregion (one of the more industrialized subregions of the country). The city proper has a population of 52,181 inhabitants. The population of the municipality in 2011 was 158,124, in an area of 240.95 square kilometres (93.03 sq mi). The present Mayor is Domingos Bragança, elected by the Socialist Party. The municipality is bordered to the north by the municipality of Póvoa de Lanhoso, to the east by Fafe, to the south by Felgueiras, Vizela and Santo Tirso, to the west by Vila Nova de Famalicão and the northwest by Braga.It is an historical city that had an important role in the formation of Portugal and it was settled in the 9th century, at which time it was called Vimaranes. This denomination might have had its origin in the warrior Vímara Peres, when he chose this area as the main government seat for the County of Portugal which he conquered for the Kingdom of Galicia.Guimarães is one of the country's most important historical cities. Its historical center is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, making it one of the largest tourist centers in the region.The city is often referred to as the ""birthplace of the Portuguese nationality"" or ""the cradle city"" (Cidade Berço in Portuguese). This might be because the administrative seat of the County of Portugal was established there by Henry of Burgundy, or that it might also been the birthplace of Afonso I of Portugal, the first Portuguese king or because of the historical role of the city in the Battle of São Mamede (24 June 1128), which had a tremendous importance in the formation of Portugal and was fought in the vicinity of the city, However, due to the needs of the Reconquista, the governative center was changed to Coimbra in 1129. The ""Vimaranenses"" are also called ""Conquistadores"" (the Conquerors) in relation with the historical heritage of the conquest initiated in Guimarães.[check quotation syntax]Guimarães, jointly with Maribor, Slovenia, was the European Capital of Culture in 2012."
"Gunungsitoli is the capital city of Nias Regency, North Sumatra province, Indonesia, but is also an independent municipality within the province. It is located at 1°17′N 97°37′E. It is a coastal city located on Nias island. Nias island is located in the Indian Ocean, on the west part of Sumatra.On 28 March, 2005, the 2005 Sumatra earthquake destroyed parts of the city and caused casualties."
"Gusau is a city and Local Government Area located in northwestern Nigeria. It is the capital of Zamfara State.The LGA has an area of 3,364 km² and a population of 383,162 at the 2006 census.The postal code of the area is 880."
"Hīt (Arabic: هيت‎) is an Iraqi city in Al-Anbar province. Hīt lies northwest of Ramadi, the provincial capital.On the Euphrates River, Hīt is a small walled town built on two mounds on the site of the ancient city of Is; bitumen wells in the vicinity have been utilized for at least 3,000 years and were used in the building of Babylon. Hīt is a marketplace for agricultural produce and oil pipelines to the Mediterranean Sea cross the Euphrates there. It was regarded as the head of navigation on the river before the decline in river traffic.As of December 13, 2014, the city is under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant."
"Hagåtña (pronounced [həˈɡɑtɲə] ), formerly English Agana /əˈɡɑːnjə/ and in Spanish Agaña, is the capital of the United States territory of Guam.  It is the island's second smallest village in both area and population.  From the 18th through mid 20th century, it was Guam's population center.  Today, it remains one of the island's major commercial districts in addition to being the seat of government."
"Hanga Roa is the main town, harbour and capital of the Chilean province of Easter Island. It is located in the southern part of the island's west coast, in the lowlands between the extinct volcanoes of Terevaka and Rano Kau.The population of 3,304 (2002 census) comprises 87 percent of the total population of the island.  For much of the twentieth century, the rest of the island was leased to the Williamson-Balfour Company and closed to the Rapanui; in 1914, the population of Hanga Roa was just 250 and the rest of the island was inhabited by large populations of sheep.The island's main avenue, Avenida Atamu Tekena (formerly Avenida Policarpo Toro), is the heart of the town. Many hotels, restaurants, grocery stores and pharmacy are found alongside this road. In 1998, the road was renamed after nineteenth century Rapanui hero Atamu Te Kena; it had previously been named after Captain Policarpo Toro, the Chilean Naval officer who annexed Easter Island to Chile in 1888. The island's museum and also the Roman Catholic church, are located in the center of town. With the advent of the Internet and the expansion of communication services by the Chilean government, many internet cafes and automated teller machines (ATM) have appeared in recent years.Hanga Roa has a multi-use stadium, Estadio de Hanga Roa, which is the home ground of the Easter Island football team.The town has a number of hotels and guesthouses which cater for tourists who come to see the island's World Heritage Sites, in particular the famous moai statues. Hanga Roa and the surrounding area have a number of impressive moai, but there are larger ones elsewhere on the island.The actual hotel capacity is about 600 beds, ranging from hostels to luxury hotels. In addition to tourism, other businesses in Hanga Roa include fishing, farming and administration. Several Chilean government departments including the Chilean Navy maintain a presence on the island.The island's only airport, Mataveri International Airport, is served by LAN Airlines, Chile's national carrier, which offers direct flights to Santiago, Papeete and Lima. It is currently the only commercial carrier that regularly serves the island.As well as a small local fishing industry, the harbour has a shipping service to Valparaíso, Chile."
"Harper, situated on Cape Palmas, is the capital of Maryland County in Liberia. It is a coastal town situated between the Atlantic Ocean and the Hoffman River. Harper is Liberia's 11th largest town, with a population of 17,837.The town is named after Robert Goodloe Harper, a prominent U.S. politician and member of the American Colonization Society. It was he who proposed the name Liberia for the American Colonization Society's settlement in Africa, and the town of Harper was named in honor of him.Harper was the capital of the short-lived Republic of Maryland.Before the First Liberian Civil War, Harper was an important administrative centre. Harper is slowly being rebuilt but without central electricity or water. No hotels and few low standard guesthouses and restaurants are functional. Tubman University, one of only two public universities in Liberia, is located in Harper.Magnificent unexploited beaches stretch for miles on both sides of Harper and warm ocean temperature year round. Fish are found in abundance, as well as whales, dolphins and large oysters. Fanti Canoes sail from Harper to Monrovia via Greenville. This trip can take from 3 to 6 days depending on the wind and weather. A UNMIL ship, the MV Catarina, sails fortnightly between Harper and Monrovia. From the Ivory Coast, Harper is accessible from Tabou.One of the town's most famous sons is President William Tubman, who was born in Harper.Cape Palmas is considered to be one of the traditional hometowns of the Americo-Liberians, descendants of freed slaves from the United States who settled in Liberia and declared it an independent country in 1847. John Brown Russwurm, an African American abolitionist and governor of Monrovia, was buried in Harper after his death.  There is a statue to commemorate his grave site."
"Hatra (Arabic: الحضر‎ al-Ḥaḍr) is an ancient city in the Ninawa Governorate and al-Jazira region of Iraq. It is known as al-Hadr, a name which appears once in ancient inscriptions, and it was in the ancient Persian province of Khvarvaran. The city lies 290 km (180 mi) northwest of Baghdad and 110 km (68 mi) southwest of Mosul."
"Holetown (formerly St. James Town), is a small town located in the Caribbean island nation of Barbados.  Holetown is located in the parish of Saint James on the sheltered west coast of the island."
"Honiara is the capital city of Solomon Islands, administered as a provincial town on the northwestern coast of Guadalcanal Island. As of 2009 it had a population of  64,609 people. The city is served by Honiara International Airport and the sea port of Point Cruz, and lies along the Kukum Highway.The airport area to the east of Honiara was the site of a battle between the United States and the Japanese during the Guadalcanal Campaign in World War II, the Battle of Henderson Field of 1942, from which America emerged victorious. After Honiara became the new capital of the British Protectorate of Solomon Islands in 1952 with the addition of many administrative buildings, the town began to develop and grow in population. Since the late 1990s, Honiara has suffered a turbulent history of ethnic violence and political unrest and is scarred by rioting. A coup attempt in June 2000 resulted in violent rebellions and fighting between the ethnic Malaitans of the Malaita Eagle Force (MEF) and the Guadalcanal natives of the Isatabu Freedom Movement (IFM). Although a peace agreement was made in October 2000, violence ensued in the city streets in March 2002 when two diplomats from New Zealand and numerous others were murdered. Conditions became so bad in Honiara that in July 2003 the Australian military and police units moved into the country to restore order. In 2006, riots broke out following the election of Snyder Rini as prime minister, destroying a part of Chinatown and making more than 1,000 Chinese residents homeless. The riots devastated the town and tourism in the city and the islands was severely affected.Honiara contains the majority of the major government buildings and institutions of Solomon Islands. The National Parliament of Solomon Islands, Honiara Solomon Islands College of Higher Education, International School in Honiara and University of the South Pacific Solomon Islands are located in Honiara as is the national museum and Honiara Market. Politically Honiara is divided into three parliamentary constituencies, electing three of the 50 members of the National Parliament. These constituencies, East Honiara, Central Honiara and West Honiara, are three of only six constituencies in the country to have an electorate of over 10,000 people.Honiara is predominantly Christian and is served by the headquarters of the Church of the Province of Melanesia (Anglican), the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Honiara, the South Seas Evangelical Church, the United Church, the Seventh-day Adventist Church and other Christian churches."
"Hurghada (/hərˈɡædə, -ˈɡɑː-/; Arabic: الغردقة‎ el-Ġardaqa  Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [el ɣæɾˈdæʔæ]) is a city in the Red Sea Governorate of Egypt. It is a main tourist center and third largest city (after Suez and Ismailia) in Egypt located on the Red Sea coast."
"Ibagué  (Spanish pronunciation: [iβaˈɣe]) is the capital of Tolima department, one of the 32 departments that make up the Republic of Colombia. The city is located in the center of the country near the central mountain range of the Colombian Andes, near Nevado del Tolima. It is one of the most populated cities in the country with about 650,000 inhabitants, making it the seventh (7th) most populous in Colombia. It was founded on October 14, 1550 by the Spanish captain Andrés López de Galarza. The urban area of the city of Ibagué is divided into 13 communes and rural areas over 17 veredas. as the capital of the department of Tolima, the city hosts the Government of Tolima, the Departmental Assembly, the Attorney General's Office, and is the main epicenter of political, Economic, Administrative, Business, Art, Culture, and Tourism departments.Ibagué is one of the major economies of Colombia and is projected to be one of the largest in  South America with development potential and competitive national and international business centers, industry and infrastructure business, through the world trade center in Ibagué. It is one of only three cities in the country chosen by the World Trade Center Association (WTCA) to build them along with Cali and along with the one existing in Bogotá. Its economic plan is based primarily on the industrial, tourism, agricultural sectors, and the textile industry, which is the third largest of Colombia. According to Doing Business from the World Bank in Washington DC, Ibagué tops the rating of the cities with greater ease of doing business and investment in the country after Manizales.The city is called ""Musical Capital of Colombia and America"". Thanks to the Conservatory of Tolima (the most prestigious and important of Colombia), National Pageant Folklore festivities, its countless monuments referring to music, and culture, Ibagué officially earned the title ""Musical Capital of Colombia"". Its main educational institutions are the University of Tolima, the University of Ibagué, the National Open and Distance University and Conservatory of Tolima."
"Ibarra (full name San Miguel de Ibarra) is a city in northern Ecuador and the capital of the Imbabura Province. It lies at the foot of the Imbabura Volcano and on the left bank of the Tahuando river. It is about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Ecuador's capital Quito."
"Igoumenitsa (Greek: Ηγουμενίτσα, Greek pronunciation: [iɣumeˈnitsa]), is a coastal city in northwestern Greece. It is the capital of the regional unit Thesprotia. Its original ancient name used to be Titani.The 670 km (420 mi) long Egnatia Highway, which serves northern Greece, terminates at Igoumenitsa."
"Ihosy [iˈusʲ] is a city (commune urbaine) with 16990 inhabitants (2004) in Ihorombe Region in central south Madagascar. Ihosy is the capital of Ihorombe Region, as well as of the district of  Ihosy."
"Ikeja is a suburb of the city of Lagos and the capital of Lagos State. It is also one of Nigeria's 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs). The Murtala Mohammed International Airport is located there. Prior to the emergence of military rule in the early 1980s, Ikeja was a well planned, clean and quiet residential environment with shopping malls, pharmacies and government reservation areas. Ikeja is also home to the Femi Kuti's Africa Shrine and Lagbaja's Motherlan', both live music venues. It now boasts of a large shopping mall ""Ikeja City Mall"" which is the biggest mall in the Lagos mainland and also has a cinema."
"Inírida  (Spanish pronunciation: [iˈniɾiða]), formerly Puerto Inírida, is the capital city, and a municipality, of the department of Guainía in Colombia. It was established in 1963 on the site of the small village of Obando, at the time in the municipality of San Felipe.  The municipality was renamed in 1974.  The municipal population of 10,891 (census 2005) is mostly indigenous and accounts for about a third of the department's population."
"Kaédi (Arabic: كيهيدي‎) is the largest city and administrative center of the Gorgol region of Southern Mauritania. It is approximately 435 km from Mauritania's capital, Nouakchott."
"Kabanjahe is a town approximately 2 hours from Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia. Kabanjahe is to the south of Berastagi. Kabanjahe is the capital of Karo Regency. Frequent buses connect the two towns and a journey takes about 90 minutes.Most of the local people are Karo who speak the Batak Karo language. A favorite food among locals is roast pork or Babi Panggang Karo.Kabanjahe is the seat of government of Karo Regency.  It is an education center of kindergarten through high school because most of the Karonese go to universities in outside locations,   such as Medan and Jakarta.  Kabanjahe is also the trade centre of Karo Regency."
"Kaduqli (Arabic: كادوقلي‎ Kāduqlī) is a capital city of South Kurdufan State, Sudan. It is located 149 miles (240 km) south of al-Ubayyid, at the northern edge of the White Nile plain in the Nuba Mountains. It contains Hilal Stadium."
"Kaesong (Gaeseong; Korean pronunciation: [kɛsʰʌŋ]) is a city in North Hwanghae Province, southern North Korea (DPRK), a former Directly-Governed City, and the capital of Korea during the Koryo dynasty. The city is near the Kaesong Industrial Region close to the border with South Korea and contains the remains of the Manwoldae palace. Called Songdo while it was the ancient capital of Koryo, the city prospered as a trade center that produced Korean ginseng. Kaesong now functions as the DPRK's light industry centre. It was known as ""Keson"" during Japanese rule between 1910 and 1945.Due to the city's proximity to the border with South Korea, Kaesong hosts cross-border economic exchanges between the two countries as well as the jointly-run Kaesong Industrial Region.As of 2009 the city had a population of 192,578."
"Kafr el-Sheikh (Arabic: كفر الشيخ‎ Kafr el-Šēḵ , pronounced [kɑfɾ eʃˈʃeːx]) is the capital of Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate, Egypt, about 134 km north of Cairo, in the Nile Delta of lower Egypt. As of November 2006, the town had a population of 147,380 inhabitants."
"Kakamega is also the genus of the Grey-chested babbler (Kakamega poliothorax), a birdKakamega is a town in western Kenya lying about 30 km north of the Equator. It is the headquarters of Kakamega County. The town has a population of 99,987  (2009 census).Kakamega is 52 km north of Kisumu, the third largest city in Kenya and a port city on Lake Victoria. The average elevation of Kakamega is 1,535 metres. Kakamega county is Kenya's second most populous county after Nairobi. The county has 9 constituencies in total namely Butere, Mumias, Matungu, Khwisero, Shinyalu, Lurambi, ikolomani, Lugari and malava.Kakamega was so named because the word ""kakamega"" translates roughly to ""pinch"" in Kiluhyah, which was used to describe how European colonists would eat the staple food, ugali."
"Kalamata (Greek: Καλαμάτα Kalamáta, formerly Καλάμαι Kalámai) is the second most populous city of the Peloponnese peninsula in southern Greece and the largest city of the homonymous administrative region. The capital and chief port of the Messenia regional unit, it lies along the Nedon River at the head of the Messenian Gulf. The 2011 census recorded 69,849 inhabitants for the wider Kalamata Municipality, of which 62,409 in the municipal unit of Kalamata proper. Kalamata is renowned as the land of the Kalamatianos dance and of the Kalamata olives."
"Kaliakra (Bulgarian: Калиакра) is a long and narrow headland in the Southern Dobruja region of the northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, located 12 km east of Kavarna and 60 km northeast of Varna. The coast is steep with vertical cliffs reaching 70 m down to the sea.Kaliakra is a nature reserve, where dolphins and cormorants can be observed. It sits on the Via Pontica, a major bird migration route from Africa into Eastern and Northern Europe. Many rare and migrant birds can be seen here in Spring and Autumn and, like much of this coastline, is home to several rare breeding birds (e.g. Pied Wheatear and a local race of European Shag). The rest of the reserve also has unusual breeding birds; Saker Falcon, Lesser Grey Shrike and a host of others.It also features the remnants of the fortified walls, water-main, baths and residence of Despot Dobrotitsa in the short-lived Principality of Karvuna's medieval capital. The Bolata Cove with a small sheltered beach lies just north at the mouth of a picturesque canyon, also part of the nature reserve."
"</td></tr></table>Kangar is the state capital of Perlis, Malaysia. It has a population of 48,898 and an area of 2,619.4 ha. It is located in the northernmost point of Peninsular Malaysia and is situated by the Perlis River. The center of Kangar is Sena Province, which is referred to by few locals  as 'Uptown Sena'. The town is the smallest state capital in Malaysia and its inhabitants are mostly farmers and civil servants. It is believed that the name Kangar was derived from a species of hawk named Kangkok or Spizaetus Limnaetu."
"Kanye is a town located in southern Botswana. It is the administrative center of the Southern District. Kanye is the original Bangwaketse village; Bangwaketse is one of the biggest tribes in Botswana. Kanye is one of the oldest major centers in Botswana, founded by European settlers in 1853. It is currently the capital of the Bangwaketse tribe whose King is King Malope II son of Seepapitso IV. Kanye is located in the mountainous region of Southern Botswana. It is bordered by Moshupa, Lobatse, Jwaneng and is a 45-minute drive from Gaborone, the capital city of Botswana. The town is served by Kanye Airport.The town is mentioned in the book Cherub: Guardian Angel.An 80 minute documentary on the Bangwaketse royal family was shot in Kanye in 2003-2005: ""The Queen's Courtyard"".The Botswana Prison Service (BPS) operates the Kanye Prison."
"Karawang (Kota Karawang or Karawang Kota) is the capital of the Karawang Regency of West Java, Indonesia. It is located 32 miles east of Jakarta.  In March 2010 Karawang suffered severe flooding with 10,747 houses being flooded, 11,540 families affected and 44,071 persons affected.Karawang also known as one of major rice production source in West Java."
"Karditsa (Greek: Καρδίτσα) is a city in western Thessaly in mainland Greece. The city of Karditsa is the capital of Karditsa regional unit.Inhabitation is attested from 9000 BC. Karditsa ls linked with GR-30, the road to Karpenisi, and the road to Palamas and Larissa. Karditsa is south-west of Palamas and Larissa, west of Farsala and the Volos area, north-west of Athens, Lamia, Domokos and Sofades, north of Karpenisi, north-east of Arta, and east-south-east of Trikala, Grevena, Ioannina, and Kalampaka.Karditsa has schools, lyceums, gymnasium, the Veterinary Medicine Department of the University of Thessaly, three technical education departments, church, banks, a post office, a railway station on the Trikala - Karditsa - Domokos line, a sports ground, a water tower, and squares. Karditsa is one of the most bicycle-friendly cities in Greece with an extensive network of bicycle paths. Approximately 30% of all the city transportation, according to the National Technical University of Athens, is done by bicycles."
"Karpenisi (Greek: Καρπενήσι) is a town in central Greece. It is the capital of the regional unit of Evrytania. Karpenisi is situated in the valley of the river Karpenisiotis (Καρπενησιώτης), a tributary of the Megdovas, in the southern part of the Pindus Mountains. Mount Tymfristos (2,315 m elevation) lies directly to the north of the town, and the foothills of mount Kaliakouda are in the south. Karpenisi has a ski resort and is a popular destination, especially during winter. It is called Switzerland of Greece for the resemblance with the mountainous country and its beauty, atypical for a Mediterranean place."
"Katerini (Greek: Κατερίνη, [kate'ɾini], former name: Αἰκατερίνη - Aikaterini; ""Catherine"") is a town in Central Macedonia, Greece, the capital of Pieria regional unit. It lies on the Pierian plain, between Mt. Olympus and the Thermaikos Gulf, at an altitude of 14 m. The town, which is one of the newest in Greece, has a population of 85,851 (according to the 2011 census). It is near the city of Thessaloniki, Greece's second largest city, which has been beneficial for Katerini's development over recent years. Katerini is accessible from the main Thessaloniki–Athens highway GR-1/E75 (with two interchanges near the town) and the Egnatia Odos to the north. It is served by both Intercity and local trains on the main railway line from Athens to Thessaloniki and there is a comprehensive regional and national bus service with its hub in the town.A popular tourist destination, Katerini is close to the sea (6 km) and to several archaeological sites of great interest such as the ancient city of Dion (5th century BC, 17 km away) and the Castle of Platamon. The beaches of Korinos, Paralia and Olympiaki Akti (or Katerinoskala) are visited by both Greek and international tourists during the summer. The base of Mount Olympus and the town of Litochoro, are at a distance of around 20 kilometres from the centre of Katerini."
"Kavaratti (Malayalam: കവരത്തി) is the capital of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep in India. Kavaratti is a census town as well as the name of the atoll upon which the town stands.It is well known for its pristine white sand beaches and calm lagoons, which makes it a popular tourist destination."
"Kerema is the capital of Gulf Province, Papua New Guinea. It is located on the coast of Gulf of Papua. The Gulf region is aptly named for its concave coastline with large deltas. The Gulf area is a riparian region where many rivers from the southern slopes of the highlands drain into."
"The Kharga Oasis (Egyptian Arabic: الخارجة el-Ḵarga  pronounced [elˈxæɾɡæ]), also romanized as Al-Kharijah, (meaning ""the outer"") is the southernmost of Egypt's five western oases. It is located in the Libyan Desert, about 200 km to the west of the Nile valley. ""Kharga"" or ""El-Kharga"" is also the name of a major town located in the oasis, the capital of New Valley Governorate. The oasis, which was known as the 'Southern Oasis' to the Ancient Egyptians, is the largest of the oases in the Libyan desert of Egypt. It is in a depression about 160 km long and from 20 km to 80 km wide. Its population is 67,700 (2012)."
"Kilkis (Greek: Κιλκίς) is an industrial city in Central Macedonia, Greece. As of 2011 there were 22,914 people living in the city proper, 28,745 people living in the municipal unit, and 51,926 in the municipality of Kilkis. It is also the capital city of the regional unit of Kilkis."
"Kimbe is the capital of the province of West New Britain in Papua New Guinea. It is a port town on the great Kimbe Bay which boasts more than 60 percent of the coral species of the entire Indo-Pacific. The bustling town of Kimbe is the third largest port in Papua New Guinea and is the fastest growing city in the South Pacific. Accommodation in Kimbe is readily available in many high-class resorts and hotels, as well as many budget guesthouses and motels dribbled along the province. The town of Kimbe is served by Hoskins_Airport."
"King Edward Point (also known as KEP) is the capital of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands with port facilities (wharf) on the northeastern coast of the island of South Georgia. It is located at 54°17′S 36°30′W in Cumberland East Bay. It is sometimes confusedly referred to as Grytviken, which is the site of the disused whaling station, nearby at the head of King Edward Cove."
"Kingstown is the capital, chief port, and main commercial centre of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. With a population of 25,418 (2005), Kingstown is the most populous as well as the largest settlement by area in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. It is the centre for the island's agricultural industry and a port of entry for tourists. The city lies within the parish of Saint George in the south-west corner of Saint Vincent. Exports include bananas which are shipped mainly to the United Kingdom, coconuts, and arrowroot.It is built partially on reclaimed land and is the location of many important buildings, including the Financial Complex which was built in 1991 and accommodates the Office of the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister as well as those of other departments of government, a Court Office of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court and almost all of the governmental ministries."
"Klaipėda (pronounced: [ˈkɫɐɪˑpʲeːd̪ɐ] (13px ) (former German name: Memel) is a city in Lithuania situated at the mouth of the Danė River where it flows into the Baltic Sea. It is the third largest city in Lithuania and the capital of Klaipėda County.The city has a complex recorded history, partially due to the combined regional importance of the Port of Klaipėda, a usually ice-free port on the Baltic Sea, and the Akmena – Danė River. It has been controlled by the Teutonic Knights, the Duchy of Prussia, the Kingdom of Prussia, the German Empire, the Entente States immediately after World War I, Lithuania as a result of the 1923 Klaipėda Revolt, and the Third Reich following the 1939 German ultimatum to Lithuania. The city was incorporated into Lithuania during its time as a Soviet Socialist Republic and has remained within Lithuania following its re-establishment as an independent state.The population shrank from 207,100 in 1992 to 157,350 in 2014. Popular seaside resorts found close to Klaipėda are Nida to the south on the Curonian Spit, and Palanga to the north."
"Klis (Croatian: Klis, Italian: Clissa, Turkish: Kilis) is a village located around a mountain fortress bearing the same name. It is located in central Dalmatia, Croatia, located just northeast of Solin and Split near the eponymous mountain pass. It has a population of 2,621, totalling 4,421 together with the eight other villages in its municipality (census 2001).The Klis mountain pass separates the mountains Mosor and Kozjak at the altitude of 360m. It has had a major strategic value throughout history, because any inland force passing through Klis would have been able to easily reach the entire region of Split and Kaštela. During the Ottoman wars in Europe, an already existing Roman fortress on a nearby hill was expanded into Klis Fortress. It was the centre of a sanjak within the Province of Bosnia during Ottoman rule. Klis was also ruled by Kingdom of Bosnia, Venetian Republic and Austria-Hungary.Due to its geographical position, Klis is also susceptible to a rather strong bura wind."
"Koforidua, also popularly known as K-dua, is a city and capital of Eastern Region in south Ghana. Koforidua has a settlement population of 127,334 people in 2012.Koforidua serves as a commercial center for the Eastern region and New-Juaben Municipal district. Koforidua is regarded as one of the calmest and coolest cities in the country. The city is home to many businesses with the exception of heavy duty industries, and with the recent construction of the two-going-two-coming highway road linking Adeiso, Koforidua, to Oyoko brings much attention to the city. That highway road serves as a valid alternative route to reach Kumasi. Koforidua serves as a commercial center for the Eastern region and New-Juaben Municipal district."
"Kolonia is a coastal town and the capital of Pohnpei State in the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM). It was also the former FSM capital before being replaced by Palikir in 1989, located nearby to the southwest in the municipality of Sokehs."
"Komotini (Greek: Κομοτηνή; Turkish: Gümülcine) is a city in the region of East Macedonia and Thrace, northeastern Greece. It is the capital of the Rhodope regional unit. It was the administrative centre of the Rhodope-Evros super-prefecture until its abolition in 2010, by the Kallikratis Plan. The city is home to the Democritus University of Thrace, founded in 1973. Komotini is home to a sizeable Turkish-speaking Muslim minority, which constitutes around 40% of the city's population.Built at the northern part of the plain bearing the same name, Komotini is one of the main administrative, financial and cultural centers of northeastern Greece and also a major agricultural and breeding center of the area. It is also a significant transport interchange, located 795 km NE of Athens and 281 km NE of Thessaloniki. The presence of the Democritus University makes Komotini the home of thousands of Greek and international students and this, combined with an eclectic mix of Western and Oriental elements in the city's daily life, have made it an increasingly attractive tourist destination."
"Koumbi Saleh, sometimes Kumbi Saleh is the site of a ruined medieval town in south east Mauritania that may have been the capital of the Ghana Empire.From the ninth century, Arab authors mention the Ghana Empire in connection with the trans-Saharan gold trade. Al-Bakri who wrote in eleventh century described the capital of Ghana as consisting of two towns 6 miles apart, one inhabited by Muslim merchants and the other by the king of Ghana. The discovery in 1913 of a 17th-century African chronicle that gave the name of the capital as Koumbi led French archaeologists to the ruins at Koumbi Saleh. Excavations at the site have revealed the ruins of a large Muslim town with houses built of stone and a congregational mosque but no inscription to unambiguously identify the site as that of capital of Ghana. Ruins of the king's town described by al-Bakri have not been found. Radiocarbon dating suggests that the site was occupied between the late 9th and the 14th centuries."
"Kuala Terengganu (Jawi: كوالا ترڠڬانو; simplified Chinese: 瓜拉丁加奴, pinyin: guālādīngjiānú; colloquially abbreviated as K.T.) is the administrative capital, royal capital, and the main economic centre of Terengganu, Malaysia. Kuala Terengganu is also the administrative centre for the eponymous district of Kuala Terengganu. As a district, Kuala Terengganu is the smallest in terms of area, but it has the largest population in Terengganu with a population of 406,317 in 2010. City status was awarded to Kuala Terengganu with the title Bandaraya Warisan Pesisir Air (English: Coastal Heritage City) on 1 January 2008. Kuala Terengganu is located about 500 kilometres northeast of Kuala Lumpur on the east coast of Peninsular Malaysia."
"This article refers to the regency in Indonesia; see also Al-Quds (Jerusalem)Kudus is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Kudus. It is located east of Semarang, capital of Central Java."
"Kuningan is a city in eastern West Java, Indonesia, between Cirebon and Tasikmalaya, about 200 km east of Jakarta. The area is near Mount Cereme/Ciremai (3.078 m), the highest mountain in West Java. The mountain is located in the western part of the region. The eastern part is a valley. The city's landmark is a horse, called Kuda Kuningan and its motto is Kuningan Aman (Safe) Sehat (Healthy) Rindang (Leafy) Indah (Beautiful) which always be called Kuningan ASRI."
"Laguna is a Brazilian municipality located in the southern state of Santa Catarina, 120 kilometers south of the state's capital, Florianópolis, and north east of Porto Alegre.  Its coordinates are 28.48/28°28'57"" S and the longitude is 48.779/48°46'51"" W. In 2004, the population was 48,956 and the area was 445.24 km².  Elevation is 2 m.  Laguna is linked with the BR-101 coastal highway as well as a superhighway.The city was founded in 1676 by rural people of the capitania of São Vicente. In 1714, the locality was recognized as a municipality, and in 1847 it received the status of city. It was the capital of the short-lived Juliana Republic in 1839.Laguna is a part of the association of the municipalities of the Laguna region.  The city's flag is tricolored with yellow, white and green, and has a coat of arms in the middle.An interesting collaboration has developed in Laguna: a pod of bottlenose dolphins drive fish towards fishermen who stand at the beach in shallow waters. Then one dolphin rolls over, which the fishermen take as sign to throw out their nets. The dolphins feed on the escaping fish. The dolphins were not trained for this behavior; the collaboration has been going on at least since 1847."
"Lubuklinggau is a city in South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 401.50 km² and a population of 201,217 at the 2010 Census."
"Luwuk is the capital of Banggai Regency, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. Its area is 101.43 km². There used to be an oil industry in the region. It has a total population of 54.089 in the town.The universities in Luwuk are UNTIKA and UNISMUH.Luwuk has 3 ethnic groups, there are Saluan, Balantak, and  Banggai."
"Macapá is a city in Brazil and the capital of Amapá state in the country's North Region. The city has few land connections to other parts of the country, owing to Amapá's difficult terrain. The equator runs through the middle of the city, leading residents to refer to Macapá as ""The capital of the middle of the world."""
"Maceió, Alagoas, Brasil (Portuguese pronunciation: [masejˈjɔ]) is the capital and the largest city of the coastal state Alagoas, Brazil. The name ""maceió"" is of Indian origin, and designates the naturally spontaneous courses of water which flow out of the soil. Most maceiós flow to the sea, but some get trapped and form lakes (""lagoas"", in Portuguese).There are plenty of maceiós and lakes in this part of Brazil; because of this, the city was named Maceió, and the State, Alagoas. The new Zumbi dos Palmares International Airport connects Maceió with many Brazilian cities and also operates some international flights. The city is home to the Federal University of Alagoas."
"Maiduguri, also called Yerwa by its locals, is the capital and the largest city of Borno State in north-eastern Nigeria. The city sits along the seasonal Ngadda River which disappears into the Firki swamps in the areas around Lake Chad. Maiduguri was founded in 1907 as a military outpost by the British and has since grown rapidly with a population exceeding a million by 2007."
"Majalengka is a City in the West Java province of Indonesia the capital of Majalengka Regency.As of 2013, this regency consists of the 26 districts (kecamatan), all of which make up a total of 13 urban villages (kelurahan) and 318 rural villages (desa)."
"Mamoudzou is the capital of the French overseas region and department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean. Mamoudzou, known as Momoju in the local Shimaore language, is the most populated commune (municipality) of Mayotte. It is located on Grande-Terre (or Mahoré), the main island of Mayotte."
"[[]]Manakara is a city in Madagascar. It is the capital of Vatovavy-Fitovinany Region.The city is located at the east coast near the mouth of the Manakara River and has a small port. The bridge over the  Manakara River that connected the northern and southern parts of the city partly collapsed in September 2012.It is the endpoint of the Fianarantsoa-Côte Est railway (FCE), which connects the city of Fianarantsoa with the sea. For those interested in traveling to Manakara via the railway, please be advised the train can take over 12 hours at times. It usually leaves Fianarantsoa at 7 in the morning, and is supposed to reach Manakara by 4 pm, but there have been incidences of it not reaching Manakara until much later. If one needs to return to the capital from Manankara and time is an issue, take a plane or a taxi-brousse (Taxi-Bus). There is also an airport and a national road along the coastline. Its temperature on average is 27 degrees Celsius, the high is 32 and low is 10."
"Mansa is the capital of the Luapula Province of Zambia, and headquarters of Mansa District. It takes its name from the local Chief Mansa and the small Mansa River which flows west to the Luapula River. During British rule the city was named Fort Rosebery."
"Marijampolė (About this sound pronunciation ; also known by several other names) is an industrial city and the capital of the Marijampolė County in the south of Lithuania, bordering Poland and Russian Kaliningrad oblast, and Lake Vištytis. The population of Marijampolė is 48,700 (2003). It is the Lithuanian center of the Suvalkija region.Marijampolė is the seventh largest city in Lithuania, and has been its regional center since 1994. The city covers an area equal to 205.07 square kilometres (79.18 sq mi). The Šešupė River divides the city into two parts which are connected by six bridges."
"Maroua is the capital of the Far North Region of Cameroon, stretching along the banks of the Ferngo and Kaliao Rivers, ""in the foothills of the Mandara Mountains.""The city had 201,371 inhabitants at the 2005 Census, and is a centre of cotton industry. The city also has an airport located near the town of Salak, an agricultural school, and ethnographic museum. To the North of the city is the famous Waza National Park. To the South is a large military base home to the BIR rapid intervention force. Mount Maroua dominates the skyline of the city. The predominant religion is Sufi Islam. The University of Maroua is based in the city."
"Masunga is one of Bakalanga settlements located in the North-East District of Botswana.The village is the Headquarters of the North East District. The nearest city is Francistown which is +/- 120 km (74.5 mi). The Chief of the region is Thabo Maruje Masunga who recently took over from his uncle Christopher Masunga.Near Masunga lie the hills of Dombo Shaba, that hold a ruined outpost of the Kalanga Empire,more like Great Zimbabwe (Mutapa).It is known to be one of the tourist attractions in Botswana where a yearly Ikalanga cultural ceremony takes place. The language spoken in the North East Region is Kalanga, not Tswana like the rest of Botswana. Kalanga is closely related to Shona, the main language of Zimbabwe."
"Mdina, Città Vecchia, or Città Notabile, (English: Notabile, or Imdina; Phoenician: 𐤌𐤋𐤉𐤈𐤄, Melitta, Ancient Greek: Melitte, Μελίττη) was the old capital of Malta. Mdina is a medieval walled town situated on a hill in the centre of the island. Punic remains uncovered beyond the city’s walls suggest the importance of the general region to Malta’s Phoenician settlers. Mdina is commonly called the ""Silent City"" by natives and visitors. The town is still confined within its walls, and has a population of just under three hundred, but it is contiguous with the village of Rabat, which takes its name from the Arabic word for suburb, and has a population of over 11,000."
"Melbourne (/ˈmɛlbən/, locally: [ˈmɛ̝ɫbən] (13px )) is the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria, and the second most populous city in Australia. The name ""Melbourne"" refers to an urban agglomeration area (and census statistical division) spanning 9,900 km2 (3,800 sq mi) that comprises the greater metropolis – as well as being a common name for its metropolitan hub, the Melbourne City Centre. It is a leading financial centre in Australia, as well as the Asia-Pacific region, and has been ranked the world's most livable city since 2011 (and among the top three since 2002), according the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU). In 2013 the EIU also ranked Melbourne the fourth most expensive city in the world, tying with Oslo, Norway. Melbourne is rated highly in the areas of education, entertainment, healthcare, research and development, tourism and sports.It is located on the large natural bay of Port Phillip, with its City Centre situated at the northernmost point of the bay – near to the estuary of the Yarra River. The metropolitan area extends south from the City Centre, along the eastern and western shorelines of Port Phillip, and expands into the hinterlands – toward the Dandenong and Macedon mountain ranges, Mornington Peninsula and Yarra Valley. The City Centre is located in the municipality known as the City of Melbourne, and the metropolis consists of a further 30 municipalities. Melbourne has a population of 4,442,918. Inhabitants of the city are called Melburnians.Founded on 30 August 1835 (in what was then the Colony of New South Wales), by settlers from Launceston in Van Diemen's Land, it was incorporated as a Crown settlement in 1837. It was named ""Melbourne"" by the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Richard Bourke, in honour of the British Prime Minister of the day, William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne. It was declared a city by Queen Victoria in 1847, before becoming the capital city of the newly created Colony of Victoria in 1851. During the Victorian gold rush of the 1850s, it was transformed into one of the world's largest and wealthiest cities. After the federation of Australia in 1901, Melbourne served as the interim seat of government for the newly created nation of Australia until 1927.An international centre for performing and visual arts, Melbourne is often referred to as Australia's cultural capital. It is the birthplace of Australian dance styles; the Melbourne Shuffle and New Vogue, the Australian film industry (including the world's first feature film), Australian impressionist art (known as the Heidelberg School), Australian rules football, and the Australian television industry. In more recent years, it has been recognised as a UNESCO City of Literature and a major centre for street art. It is home to many of Australia's largest and oldest cultural institutions such as the Australian Centre for the Moving Image, the Melbourne Cricket Ground, Melbourne Museum, Melbourne Zoo, the National Gallery of Victoria and the UNESCO World Heritage-listed Royal Exhibition Building.The main passenger airport serving the metropolis and the state is Melbourne Airport (also called Tullamarine airport), which is the second busiest in Australia, and the Port of Melbourne is Australia's busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo. Melbourne has an extensive transport network. The main metropolitan train terminus is Flinders Street Station, and the main regional train and coach terminus is Southern Cross Station (Previously Spencer Street Station). Melbourne also has the world's largest urban tram network."
"Meulaboh  (or Moulabouh) was the capital of West Aceh Regency, Indonesia, as of July 8, 2013 is an independent city Kota.  Meulaboh is among the hardest hit areas by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami. Being just 150 km from the epicenter of the earthquake, Meulaboh was hit by tsunami, leaving the estimated deaths of 40,000 people out of 120,000."
"Miarinarivo is a city (commune urbaine) in Itasy Region, in the  Central Highlands of Madagascar.Miarinarivo is located at 100 km (62 mi) of Antananarivo and is the capital of Itasy Region as well as of its  district.The diocese of a Roman Catholic archbishop of Madagascar is located in this city."
"Miccosukee is a historical small unincorporated community in northeastern Leon County, Florida, United States. It is located at the junction of County Road 59 (Veterans Memorial Drive) and County Road 151 (Moccasin Gap Road). Miccosukee was a major center of the Miccosukee tribe, one of the tribes of the developing Seminole nation, during the 18th century."
"Minna is a city (estimated population 304,113 in 2007) in west central Nigeria. It's the capital of Niger State, one of Nigeria's 36 federal states, and is the headquarters of Chanchaga Local Government Area."
"Mitú is the capital city of the department of Vaupés in Colombia. It is a small town located in South eastern Colombia in the Amazon Basin. Founded in 1936, Mitú, lies next to the Vaupés River at 180 meters above sea level. It is where the core of the services (transport and trade)  are provided to the Vaupés Department.The Vaupés River serves as connecting link between Mitú and nearby hamlets on the riverbanks, but there are no roads connecting the town to rest of the country. Accessible only by airplane, Mitú is the most isolated Capital of Department in Colombia."
"Mkoani is a town located on the Tanzanian island of Pemba. It is the capital of Pemba South region, as well as Mkoani District. Mkoani now has the busiest harbour on Pemba island, most ferries from Zanzibar or the mainland arrive at Mkoani.The Abdulla Mzee hospital is in Mkoani."
"Mochudi is one of the larger villages in Botswana with a population of 44,815 people in 2011. It is situated in the Bakgatla tribal region, in Kgatleng District, about 37 km (23 mi) northeast of Gaborone. The village lies several kilometres from the main Gaborone–Francistown road, and can be accessed through a short turn at Pilane. Mochudi was settled by the Tswana people in 1871."
"Molepolole is Botswana's biggest village. It lies in the south east of the country. The people who reside in Molepolole are the Bakwena, who are one of the eight major tribes in Botswana. The Bakwena chief was among the three chiefs who went to England to seek protection from the British in the colonial era. Molepolole serves as the  capital of the Bakwena. It was named after the Molepolole river. Molepolole is 50 km away from the capital city of Botswana, Gaborone.It is one of the largest traditional villages in Africa with a population of over 69,789 people as of 2008. It lies 50 kilometres west of the capital Gaborone, and acts as gateway for exploring the Kalahari Desert.It has a large traditional court (or kgotla) and is the location of the Scottish Livingstone Hospital, one of the nation's largest."
"The current capital of Wales is Cardiff, which was first referred to as such in 1955, when Gwilym Lloyd-George, then Minister for Welsh Affairs commented in a Parliamentary written answer that ""no formal measures are necessary to give effect to this decision"". Since 1999, Cardiff has been the location of the National Assembly for Wales.In the past, other places have been regarded as the Welsh capital, includingStrata Florida, the Cistercian abbey where Llywelyn the Great held council in 1238.Machynlleth, where Owain Glyndŵr held a parliament in 1404.Ludlow, England, seat of the Council of Wales and the Marches from 1473 to 1689.The ecclesiastical capital of Wales is St David's, the birthplace of the country's patron saint, David.The National Library of Wales is located in none of these, instead being sited in Aberystwyth."
"An Numaniyah (Arabic,النعمانية) is a city on the Tigris river in Iraq, located roughly 90 miles (140 km) southeast of Baghdad in the Wasit Province. It is the site of one of four national training centers for the Iraqi Army.It is also the site of a base that was built by the Hussein regime and constructed by Yugoslavian contractors Mostogradnja. Following the beginning of the Iraq War, it changed its purpose September 1, 2004 to operate as a training base for new recruits and serve as the home station for three battalions of the Iraqi Intervention Force – the Iraqi army's counterinsurgency wing."
"Singkil is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Aceh Singkil Regency."
"Zalun (Burmese: ဇလွန်မြို့) is a town in Hinthada District in Ayeyawady Division in Myanmar. Zalun town consists of wards:KannaNorth LammadawSouth LammadawSan TanNyaungbin ZayImportant sites in Zalun include Pyitawpyan Pagoda, Buddha Andaw, and U Thila Stupa."
"Đồi Ngô  is a township (Thị trấn) and town in Lục Nam District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"Mahmoudiyah (also transliterated Mahmudiyah, Mahmoudi, or Mahmoodiyah, prefixed usually with Al-) is a Sunni Arab Iraqi rural city south of Baghdad. Known as the “Gateway to Baghdad,” the city's proximity to Baghdad made it central to the counterinsurgency campaign.Mahmudiya District has approximately 550,000 inhabitants, about 92 percent of them Sunni Arabs and the rest mostly Shias. Most of the inhabitants live in rural areas. The region is inhabited by 5 tribes: Al Janabi, Dulaim, Al Ubaid, Qarghoul and Al Jubour"
"Gargaon (Pron:/gɑ:ˈgɑ̃ʊ/) was the capital of the Ahom kingdom for many years.  It was built by the Ahom king Suklenmung (Gargoyaan Rojaa) in 1540. It lies 13 km east of present-day Sivasagar town.  The palace structures were made of wood and stones. In 1747 Pramatta Singha, son of Rudra Singha, constructed the brick wall of about 5 km in length surrounding the Gargaon Palace and the masonry gate leading to it.The old palace was destroyed and the present seven storied palace was rebuilt around 1752 by Rajeswar Singha (Suremphaa, 1751-1769)."
"'s-Hertogenbosch (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌsɛrtoːɣə(m)ˈbɔs] (13px ), literally ""The Duke's Forest"", in English and historically in French: Bois-le-Duc) is a city and municipality in the southern Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of North Brabant.In speech, the Dutch seldom use the formal 's-Hertogenbosch but rather the colloquial Den Bosch [dɛmˈbɔs] (13px ). Den Bosch means ""The Forest""."
"Abeokuta is the largest city and capital of Ogun State in southwest Nigeria.  It is situated on the east bank of the Ogun River, near a group of rocky outcrops in a wooded savanna; 48 miles (77 km) north of Lagos by railway, or 81 miles (130 km) by water. As of 2005, Abeokuta and the surrounding area had a population of 593,140."
"Abidjan is the economic capital of Ivory Coast and is the most populated West African French-speaking city. It is also the second-largest French-speaking city in the world, and is the world’s third-largest French-speaking urban agglomeration after Paris and Kinshasa. Its population, according to the country’s authorities in 2011, was 12,783,906 inhabitants in the agglomeration, and 6,351,086 inhabitants in the city, which is 20% of the overall population of the country. Only Lagos, the old capital of Nigeria, surpasses it in number of inhabitants in the region. Considered the cultural crossroads of West Africa, Abidjan is characterized by a high level of industrialization and urbanization.The city grew up quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 and its designation as the capital city of the then-French colony in 1933. The completion of the Vridi Canal in 1951 enabled it to become an important sea port. In 1983 Yamoussoukro was designated as the official capital city of Ivory Coast, but almost all political institutions and foreign embassies are still in Abidjan."
"Abu Dhabi (US /ˈɑːbuː ˈdɑːbi/, UK /ˈæbuː ˈdɑːbi/; Arabic: أبو ظبي‎ Abū Ẓabī Emirati pronunciation [ɐbuˈðˤɑbi]) is the capital and the second most populous city in the United Arab Emirates, and also capital of Abu Dhabi emirate, the largest of the UAE's seven member emirates. Abu Dhabi lies on a T-shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast. The city proper had a population of 921,000 in 2013.Abu Dhabi houses federal government offices, is the seat of the United Arab Emirates Government, home to the Abu Dhabi Emiri Family and the President of the UAE, who is from this family. Abu Dhabi has grown to be a cosmopolitan metropolis. Its rapid development and urbanisation, coupled with the relatively high average income of its population, has transformed Abu Dhabi to a larger and advanced metropolis. Today the city is the country's center of political and industrial activities, and a major cultural and commercial centre, due to its position as the capital. Abu Dhabi accounts for about two-thirds of the roughly $400 billion United Arab Emirates economy.Abu Dhabi is home to important financial institutions such as the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates and the corporate headquarters of many companies and numerous multinational corporations. One of the world's largest producers of oil, Abu Dhabi has actively attempted to diversify its economy in recent years through investments in financial services and tourism.Abu Dhabi is the fourth most expensive city for expatriate employees in the region, and in 2014 was the 68th most expensive big city in the world. Fortune magazine and CNN stated in 2007 that Abu Dhabi is the richest city in the world, having been between $800 billion to approximately $875 billion USD. The Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute puts the figure at US$773 billion ."
"Abuja is the capital city of Nigeria. It is located in the centre of Nigeria, within the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Abuja is a planned city, and was built mainly in the 1980s. It officially became Nigeria's capital on 12 December 1991, replacing Lagos, though the latter remains the country's most populous city. At the 2006 census, the city of Abuja had a population of 776,298, making it one of the ten most populous cities in Nigeria. Abuja has witnessed a huge influx of people into the city; the growth has led to the emergence of satellite towns such as Karu Urban Area, Suleja, Gwagwalada, Lugbe, Kuje and smaller settlements to which the planned city is sprawling. The unofficial metropolitan area of Abuja has a population of well over three million and comprises the fourth largest urban area in Nigeria, surpassed only by Lagos, Kano and Ibadan.Abuja's geography is defined by Aso Rock, a 400-metre monolith left by water erosion. The Presidential Complex, National Assembly, Supreme Court and much of the town extend to the south of the rock. Zuma Rock, a 792-metre monolith, lies just north of the city on the road to Kaduna.Significant sights include the Nigerian National Mosque and the Nigerian National Christian Centre. The city is served by the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport.  Abuja is known for being one of the few purpose-built capital cities in Africa as well as being one of the wealthiest and most expensive. However, some people living on the edges of the city live in semi-developed rural areas such as Nyanya and Durumi."
"Accra /əˈkrɑː/ is the capital and largest city of Ghana, with an estimated urban population of 2.269.143 million as of 2012. It is also the capital of the Greater Accra Region and of the Accra Metropolitan District, with which it is coterminous. Accra is furthermore the anchor of a larger metropolitan area, the Greater Accra Metropolitan Area (GAMA), which is inhabited by about 4 million people, making it the second largest metropolitan conglomeration in Ghana by population, and the eleventh-largest metropolitan area in Africa.Accra stretches along the Ghanaian Atlantic coast and extends north into Ghana's interior. Originally built around a port, it served as the capital of the British Gold Coast between 1877 and 1957. Once merely a 19th-century suburb of Victoriaborg, Accra has since transitioned into a modern metropolis; the city's architecture reflects this history, ranging from 19th-century architecture buildings to modern skyscrapers and apartment blocks.Accra serves as the Greater Accra region's economic and administrative hub. It is furthermore a centre of a wide range of nightclubs, restaurants and hotels. Since the early 1990s, a number of new buildings have been built, including the multi-storey French-owned Novotel hotel. The city's National Theatre was built with Chinese assistance. In 2010, the GaWC designated Accra a Gamma-minus-level world city, indicating a growing level of international influence and connectedness.The central business district of Accra contains the city's main banks and department stores, and an area known as the Ministries, where Ghana's government administration is concentrated. Economic activities in Accra include the financial and agricultural sectors, Atlantic fishing, and the manufacture of processed food, lumber, plywood, textiles, clothing and chemicals."
"Addis Ababa (Amharic: አዲስ አበባ?</span> Addis Abäba, IPA: [ädˈdis ˈäbəbä] (13px ), “new flower”; Oromo: Finfinne, [fɪnˈfɪ́n.nɛ́] ""Natural Spring(s)""), sometimes spelled Addis Abeba (the spelling used by the official Ethiopian Mapping Authority), is the capital city of Ethiopia. It is the largest city in Ethiopia, with a population of 3,384,569 according to the 2007 population census with annual growth rate of 3.8%. This number has been increased from the originally published 2,738,248 figure and appears to be still largely underestimated.As a chartered city (ras gez astedader), Addis Ababa has the status of both a city and a state. It is where the African Union and its predecessor the OAU are based. It also hosts the headquarters of the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) and numerous other continental and international organizations. Addis Ababa is therefore often referred to as ""the political capital of Africa"" due to its historical, diplomatic and political significance for the continent.The city is populated by people from different regions of Ethiopia – the country has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages and belonging to a wide variety of religious communities. It is home to Addis Ababa University. The Federation of African Societies of Chemistry (FASC) and Horn of Africa Press Institute (HAPI) are also headquartered in Addis Ababa."
"Aden (UK /ˈeɪdən/ AY-duhn, US /ˈɑːdɛn/ AH-den; Arabic: عدن‎ ʻAdin/ʻAdan  Yemeni pronunciation: [ˈʕæden, ˈʕædæn]) is a seaport city in Yemen, located by the eastern approach to the Red Sea (the Gulf of Aden), some 170 kilometres (110 mi) east of Bab-el-Mandeb. Its population is approximately 800,000 people.  Aden's ancient, natural harbour lies in the crater of a dormant volcano which now forms a peninsula, joined to the mainland by a low isthmus.  This harbour, Front Bay, was first used by the ancient Kingdom of Awsan between the 5th and 7th centuries BC.  The modern harbour is on the other side of the peninsula.Aden consists of a number of distinct sub-centres: Crater, the original port city; Ma'alla, the modern port; Tawahi, known as ""Steamer Point"" in the colonial period; and the resorts of Gold Mohur.  Khormaksar, located on the isthmus that connects Aden proper with the mainland, includes the city's diplomatic missions, the main offices of Aden University, and Aden International Airport (the former British Royal Air Force station RAF Khormaksar), Yemen's second biggest airport.  On the mainland are the sub-centres of Sheikh Othman, a former oasis area; Al-Mansura, a town planned by the British; and Madinat ash-Sha'b (formerly Madinat al-Itihad), the site designated as the capital of the South Arabian Federation and now home to a large power/desalinization facility and additional faculties of Aden University.Aden encloses the eastern side of a vast, natural harbour that comprises the modern port.  The volcanic peninsula of Little Aden forms a near-mirror image, enclosing the harbour and port on the western side.  Little Aden became the site of the oil refinery and tanker port.  Both were established and operated by British Petroleum until they were turned over to Yemeni government ownership and control in 1977.Aden was the capital of the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen until that country's unification with the Yemen Arab Republic.  On that occasion, the city was declared a free trade zone. Aden gives its name to the Gulf of Aden."
"Aguascalientes (Spanish pronunciation: [aɣwaskaˈljentes] (13px )) is the capital of the state of Aguascalientes and is its most populous city, with a metropolitan population of 1,000,000. It is located in North-Central Mexico. It is part of the macroregion of Bajío., the safest region and with the best quality of life in MexicoIt stands on the banks of the Río Aguascalientes, 1880 meters above sea level, at 21°51′N 102°18′W. It is the municipal seat for the municipality of the same name.The Aguascalientes metropolitan area includes the municipality of Jesus María y San Francisco de los Romo. It was a Chichimeca Indian territory.  It later blossomed as a strategic link between Mexico City and the mines of Zacatecas, while prosperous agriculture and ranching helped feed Spain’s emerging New World cities.Aguascalientes has repeatedly been recognized as one of the cities with the best quality of life in Latin America.Nowadays, Aguascalientes is a vigorous service city that is experiencing an ongoing social, economic, and aesthetic revitalization process It is also the cleanest city in Latin America.OECD has recognized Aguascalientes as having the best business climate standards in the world. It is a strong business and economic centre in the Bajío region. Its strategic location and excellent infrastructure have made it a regional hub and a popular location for international headquarters.Its first-class services and hotel industry turn it into one of the most important centers in Mexico with numerous options of entertainment, gastronomy, leisure activities, arts and recreation"
"Ahvaz  (Persian: اهواز Ahvāz‎) is a city in the south of Iran.  At the 2006 census, its population was 1,432,965, in 796,239 families. Ahvaz has the world's worst air pollution according to a survey by the World Health Organization in 2011.Ahvaz is built on the banks of the Karun River and is situated in the middle of Khūzestān Province. The city has an average elevation of 20 meters above sea level."
"Akjoujt, (Arabic: أكجوجت) is a small city in western Mauritania. It is the capital of Inchiri region.""Akjoujt"" (ɑk'ʤuʤt) means 'wells'.The city's main industry is gold and copper mining."
"Al Bahah (Arabic: الباحة‎ Al Bāḥa) is a city in the south west of Saudi Arabia. It is the capital of Al Bahah Region nestled between the resorts of Mecca and Abha, Al Baha is one of the Kingdom’s prime tourist attractions. It enjoys a pleasant climate and is surrounded by more than forty forests, including Raghdan, al Zaraeb and Baidan. Al Baha is the headquarters of the Governor, local councils and branches of governmental departments. Receiving the state's special attention, the city of Al Baha abounds in educational, tourist and health institutions, It is considered the capital of the Ghamidi and Zahrani tribes in Saudi Arabia, And most of its inhabitants are from the native tribes.The ""Pearl of Resorts"" is the name given to Al Baha by those acquainted with the city. The ""Garden of Hijaz"" (Arabic translation: حديقه الحجاز) was the name given to Al Baha by the Sharif of Mecca."
"Al Qadarif (Arabic: القضارف‎ Al Qaḍārif), also spelt Gedaref, Gedarif or El Gadarif, is the capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan. It lies on the road that connects Khartoum with Gallabat on the Ethiopian border, about 410 kilometers from the capital."
"Aleg is the capital of the Brakna Region, Mauritania. It is located at 17°3′0″N 13°55′0″W.The town is known as the birthplace of former President of Mauritania, Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi."
"Alegrete is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul located in southern Brazil. Its medium altitude is 102 m (335 ft). Its estimated population in 2008 was 78,984  inhabitants and the total area is 7,803.967 km2 (3,013.129 sq mi) (the largest municipality of the State and of Southern Brazil). Its inhabitants are called Alegretenses.Alegrete was settled in 1816 and became a municipality in 1857. It is the hometown of the abolitionist leader Franklin Gomes Souto, of the politician, diplomat and statesman Osvaldo Aranha, first President of the United Nations General Assembly, and of the  Brazilian poet Mário Quintana. Every September 20 (Ragamuffin War Day), about 8,000 young, adult and old horsemen and horsewomen parade through its streets, using their native costumes and riding their horses with trappings.Alegrete is served by Gaudêncio Machado Ramos Airport."
"Alexandria (/ˌælɪɡˈzændrɪə/ or /ˌælɪɡˈzɑːndrɪə/; اسكندرية, pronounced [eskendeˈrejjæ] in Egyptian Arabic)[see other names] is the second largest city and the second largest metropolitan area in Egypt after Greater Cairo by size and population, extending about 32 km (20 mi) along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea in the north central part of the country. It is also the largest city lying directly on the Mediterranean coast. Alexandria is Egypt's largest seaport, serving approximately 80% of Egypt's imports and exports.  It is an important industrial center because of its natural gas and oil pipelines from Suez. Alexandria is also an important tourist resort.Alexandria was founded around a small Ancient Egyptian town c. 331 BC by Alexander the Great. It became an important center of the Hellenistic civilization and remained the capital of Hellenistic and Roman & Byzantine Egypt for almost 1000 years until the Muslim conquest of Egypt in AD 641, when a new capital was founded at Fustat (later absorbed into Cairo). Hellenistic Alexandria was best known for the Lighthouse of Alexandria (Pharos), one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World; its Great Library (the largest in the ancient world; now replaced by a modern one); and the Necropolis, one of the Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages. Ongoing maritime archaeology in the harbor of Alexandria, which began in 1994, is revealing details of Alexandria both before the arrival of Alexander, when a city named Rhacotis existed there, and during the Ptolemaic dynasty.From the late 18th century, Alexandria became a major center of the international shipping industry and one of the most important trading centers in the world, both because it profited from the easy overland connection between the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea, and the lucrative trade in Egyptian cotton. Alexandria was the second most powerful city of the ancient world after Rome."
"Almaty (Kazakh: Алматы / Almatı, pronounced [ɑl.mɑ.ˈtə]), formerly known as Alma-Ata (Russian: Алма-Ата) and Verniy  (Pre-Reform Russian: Вѣрный), is the largest city in Kazakhstan. Despite losing its status as the capital to Astana, Almaty remains the major commercial and cultural centre of Kazakhstan, as well as its largest population center. The city is located in the mountainous area of southern Kazakhstan."
"Alotau is the capital of Milne Bay Province, in the south-east of  Papua New Guinea. It is located on the northern shore of Milne Bay.The town is located within the area in which the invading Japanese army suffered their first land defeat in the Pacific War in 1942, before the Kokoda Track battle. A memorial park at the old battle site commemorates the event. Alotau became the provincial capital in 1969 after it was shifted from Samarai.There is a road from Ulumani to Alotau which passes the local Gurney Airport,  named after squadron leader Charles Raymond Gurney of the RAAF, who was killed in the area in 1942. The airport is located 12 km from the town.Alotau is the gateway to the Milne Bay Province which contains some of the most remote island communities in the world. Milne Bay is noted for its coral reef and scuba diving experiences.Alotau is also the annual forum for Australian and Papua New Guinean ministers"
"Alytus is a city with municipal rights in southern Lithuania. It is the capital of Alytus County. Its population in 2013 was 57,281. Alytus is the historical centre of the Dzūkija region. The city lies on the banks of the Nemunas River. The major highways linking Vilnius, Kaunas, Lazdijai (border with Poland), and Hrodna in Belarus pass through Alytus. Distances from Alytus to: - Kaunas: 70 km (43 mi)- Vilnius: 105 km (65 mi).- Druskininkai: 52 km (32 mi)- Sejny: 57 km (35 mi)- Suwałki: 90 km (56 mi)- Augustów: 95 km (59 mi)- Ełk: 141 km (88 mi)- Hrodna: 95 km (59 mi)Divided onto two separate entities for centuries, it consists of two parts still frequently referred to as Alytus I and Alytus II, the earlier being a smaller town and the latter forming the city centre with parks, microdistricts and industrial areas."
"Amarah (Arabic: العمارة‎; BGN: Al ‘Amārah;  also spelled Amara), is a city in southeastern Iraq, located on a low ridge next to the Tigris River waterway south of Baghdad about 50 km from the border with Iran. It lies at the northern tip of the marshlands between the Tigris and Euphrates.Predominantly Shia Muslim, it had a population of about 340,000 as of 2002 and about 420,000 as of 2005. It is the administrative capital of the Maysan province. A major trading center for the surrounding agricultural area, it is known for woven goods and silverware."
"Ambato (full form, San Juan de Ambato) is a city located in the central Andean valley of Ecuador. Lying on the banks of the Ambato River, the city also sits beneath several tall mountains. It is the capital of the province of Tungurahua, at an elevation of 2,577 meters above sea level. It is variously nicknamed ""City of Flowers and Fruit"", ""Cradle of the Three Juans"", and ""Garden of Ecuador.""  Inhabitants of Ambato are called Ambateños, Guaytambos (after a type of native peach that the valley is famous for producing) or Patojos. The current mayor of Ambato is Luis Amoroso.The city has been fully or partially destroyed by earthquakes several times in its history, most recently on 5 August 1949 when the city and its cathedral were almost completely levelled.  The city was rebuilt in the two years following.  In honour of the tenacity of the resident Ambateños, the city celebrates the Festival of Fruits and Flowers during Carnival in February.  Today, the Festival of Fruits and Flowers is one of the most important in Ecuador.The city is referred to as ""Cradle of the Three Juans"" as it was the birthplace of three notable Ecuadorians:  Juan Montalvo, a noted essayist of the 19th century, Juan León Mera, the author of the country's national anthem, and Juan Benigno Vela, a key figure in the Ecuadorean independence movement. The city is well known for its production of fruit, tanneries, food products and textiles. It also serves as a main transportation hub, especially for travelers moving south on the Pan-American Highway."
"Ambatondrazaka [amˌbatuɳɖʐaˈzakə̥] is a city (commune urbaine) in MadagascarAmbatondrazaka is also the capital of the Alaotra-Mangoro region and the Ambatondrazaka District."
"Amman (English pronunciation: /ɑːˈmɑːn/; Arabic: عمّان‎ ʿAmmān; Biblical Hebrew: רַבַּת עַמּוֹן Rabbat Ammon) is the capital and most populous city of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. It is the country's political, cultural and commercial centre and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. Amman's population has been estimated around 4,142,629 as of 2014, with an additional million residing in the surrounding areas. Other population estimates consider the number of expatriates residing within the city limits and rank the total population much higher.The recent economic growth experienced in Amman is unmatched by any other Arab city except those located in the Persian Gulf area. Amman is also the administrative seat of the homonymous governorate. Amman is also ranked a Beta− global city on the World city index, the same category as Abu Dhabi, Kuwait City and Manama.Amman was named one of the MENA's best cities according to economic, labour, environmental, and socio-cultural factors. Amman is among the most popular locations for multinational corporations to set up their regional offices, alongside Doha and only behind Dubai.  Furthermore, it is expected that in the next 10 years these three cities will capture the largest share of multinational corporation activity in the region. It is a major tourist destination in the region and the capital is especially popular among Persian Gulf tourists."
"Amol (Persian: آمل‎ – [ɒˈmol]; About this sound pronunciation ; also Romanized as Āmol and Amul) is a city in and the administrative center of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.  At the 2006 census, the population of the city proper was 197,470, in 55,183 families.Amol is located on the Haraz river bank. It is less than 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the Caspian sea and less than 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the Alborz mountains. It is 180 kilometres (110 mi) from Tehran, and 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of the provincial administrative center, Sari."
"Amsterdam (English /ˈæmstərdæm/; Dutch: [ˌɑmstərˈdɑm] (13px )) is the capital city and most populous city of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Its status as the Dutch capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands though it is not the seat of the Dutch government, which is The Hague. Amsterdam has a population of 813,562 within the city-proper, 1,112,165 in the urban region and 1,575,263 in the greater metropolitan area. The city region has a population of 2,332,773. The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country. It comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad, one of the larger conurbations in Europe, with a population of approximately 7 million.Amsterdam's name derives from Amstelredamme, indicative of the city's origin as a dam of the river Amstel. Originating as a small fishing village in the late 12th century, Amsterdam became one of the most important ports in the world during the Dutch Golden Age (17th century), a result of its innovative developments in trade. During that time, the city was the leading center for finance and diamonds. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the city expanded, and many new neighborhoods and suburbs were planned and built. The 17th-century canals of Amsterdam and the 19–20th century Defence Line of Amsterdam are on the UNESCO World Heritage List.As the commercial capital of the Netherlands and one of the top financial centres in Europe, Amsterdam is considered an alpha world city by the Globalization and World Cities (GaWC) study group. The city is also the cultural capital of the Netherlands. Many large Dutch institutions have their headquarters there, and seven of the world's 500 largest companies, including Philips and ING, are based in the city. In 2012, Amsterdam was ranked the second best city in which to live by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) and 12th globally on quality of living by Mercer. The city was previously ranked 3rd in innovation by 2thinknow in the Innovation Cities Index 2009.The Amsterdam Stock Exchange, the oldest stock exchange in the world, is located in the city center. Amsterdam's main attractions, including its historic canals, the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Hermitage Amsterdam, Anne Frank House, Amsterdam Museum, its red-light district, and its many cannabis coffee shops draw more than 3.66 million international visitors annually."
"This article is about the Iraqi town of Anah. For the district, see Anah (district), and for the character in the Book of Book of Genesis, see List of minor Biblical figures: Anah.Anah, or Ana, (Arabic: عانة) is an Iraqi town on the Euphrates river, approximately mid-way between the Gulf of Alexandretta and the Persian Gulf."
"Andorra la Vella (Catalan pronunciation: [ənˈdorə ɫə ˈβeʎə], locally: [anˈdɔra la ˈβeʎa]) is the capital of the Principality of Andorra, and is located high in the east Pyrenees between France and Spain. It is also the name of the parish that surrounds the capital.As of 2011, the city has a population of 22,256, and the urban area, which includes Escaldes-Engordany plus satellite villages, has over 40,000 inhabitants.The principal industry is tourism, although the country also earns foreign income from being a tax haven. Furniture and brandies are local products. Being at an elevation of 1,023 metres (3,356 ft), it is the highest capital city in Europe and a popular ski resort."
"Ankara (/ˈæŋkərə/; Turkish pronunciation: [ˈaŋ.ka.ɾa]; historically known by the names Ancyra and Angora) is the capital of Turkey and the country's second largest city, Istanbul being the largest. The city has a mean elevation of 938 meters (3,077 ft) and in 2012 had a population of 4,338,620, with its metropolitan municipality having 4,965,542.It is the center of the Turkish Government, and an important commercial and industrial city. Located in Central Anatolia, Ankara is an important crossroads of trade, strategically located at the center of Turkey's highway and railway networks, and serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area. The city is traditionally famed for its long-haired Angora goat and its prized wool (mohair), a unique breed of cat (Angora cat), Angora rabbits and their prized Angora wool, pears, honey, and the region's muscat grapes.The historical center of Ankara is situated upon a rocky hill, which rises 150 m (492 ft) above the plain on the left bank of the Ankara Çayı, a tributary of the Sakarya (Sangarius) river. Although situated in one of the driest places of Turkey and surrounded mostly by steppe vegetation except for the forested areas on the southern periphery, Ankara can be considered a green city in terms of green areas per inhabitant, which is 72 m2 per head.Ankara is a very old city with various Hittite, Phrygian, Hellenistic, Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman archaeological sites. The hill which overlooks the city is crowned by the ruins of the old castle, which adds to the picturesqueness of the view, but only a few historic structures surrounding the old citadel have survived to the present day. There are, however, many well-preserved remains of Ottoman and Roman architecture, the most remarkable being the Temple of Augustus and Rome (20 BC) which is also known as the Monumentum Ancyranum."
"Antananarivo (/ˌæntəˌnænəˈriːvoʊ/ or /ˌɑːntəˌnɑːnəˈriːvoʊ/; Malagasy pronunciation: [antananaˈrivʷ]), formerly French Tananarive (/təˌnænəˈriːv/ or /ˌtænənəˈriːv/; French pronunciation: ​[tananaʁiv]), also known by its French colonial shorthand form Tana, is the capital and largest city in Madagascar. The larger urban area surrounding the city, known as Antananarivo-Renivohitra (""Antananarivo-Mother Hill"" or ""Antananarivo-Capital""), is the capital of Analamanga region. The city is located 1,280 m (4,199 ft) above the sea level in the center of the island, and has been the island's largest population center since at least the 18th century. Antananarivo was historically the capital of the Merina people, who continue to form the majority of the city's estimated 2.1 million (2013) inhabitants. All 18 Malagasy ethnic groups, as well as residents of Chinese, Indian, European and other origins, are well represented in the city. Antananarivo is the political, economic, educational and cultural heart of Madagascar. The Presidency, National Assembly, Senate and Supreme Court are located here, as are 21 diplomatic missions and the headquarters of many national and international businesses and NGOs. Antananarivo also hosts the largest number of universities, nightclubs, art venues, medical services and other social service institutions of any city on the island. Several national and local sports teams, including the championship-winning national rugby team, the Makis, and several basketball and football teams, are based in Antananarivo.Antananarivo was founded from about 1610 to 1625, when the Merina king Andrianjaka (1612–1630) expelled the Vazimba inhabitants of the village of Analamanga at the highest meeting point of two forested ridges rising above the surrounding highland plains. Declaring it the site of his capital, Andrianjaka built a rova (fortified royal dwelling) that expanded to become the royal palaces of the Kingdom of Imerina. According to oral history, he deployed a garrison of 1,000 soldiers to capture and guard the site; the hill and its city retained the name Analamanga until the reign of King Andriamasinavalona (1675–1710), who renamed it Antananarivo (""City of the Thousand"") in honor of Andrianjaka's soldiers. The city served as the capital of the Kingdom of Imerina from its founding until 1710, when Imerina split into four warring quadrants. Antananarivo was declared the capital of the southern quadrant; it remained thus until King Andrianampoinimerina of Ambohimanga captured the province and restored its role as capital of a united Kingdom of Imerina in 1794. His diplomatic and military successes extended Imerina far beyond its traditional borders, bringing the lands of neighboring ethnic groups under Merina control. These conquests were continued under his son, Radama I, whose control ultimately extended over two thirds of the island, leading him to be considered the King of Madagascar by European diplomats, with Antananarivo as the island's capital. Antananarivo remained the island's capital after Madagascar was colonized by the French in 1897 and remained thus after independence in 1960.Antananarivo has expanded gradually from the royal palaces at its center, which dominate every view from their location at the peak of a curving ridge 200 m (660 ft) above the surrounding Betsimitatatra plains. In the 17th century, the plains were transformed into paddy fields to meet the population's need for rice; they were covered with housing developments as the city's population grew rapidly in the 20th century. Around the palaces, which were destroyed in a 1995 fire but have since been partially reconstructed, lies the historic district that was formerly populated by members of the andriana (noble class); many of their homes are preserved. The Analakely valley at the base of the ridge was the site of a Friday market established in the 18th century that, until being discontinued in 1997 due to traffic congestion, was considered the largest open air market in the world. This neighborhood was further developed under French rule and continues to serve as the capital's economic heart. The city is managed by the Commune Urbaine d'Antananarivo (CUA) under the direction of its President of the Special Delegation, Ny Havana Andriamanjato, appointed in March 2014. Limited funds and mismanagement have hampered consecutive CUA efforts to manage overcrowding and traffic, waste management, pollution, security, public water and electricity, and other challenges linked to explosive population growth. Major historic landmarks and attractions in the city include the reconstructed royal palaces and the Andafiavaratra Palace, the tomb of Rainiharo, Tsimbazaza Zoo, Mahamasina Stadium, Lake Anosy, four 19th-century martyr cathedrals, and the Museum of Art and Archaeology."
"Antipolo, officially the City of Antipolo (Filipino: Lungsod ng Antipolo), is a city in the Philippines located in the province of Rizal; about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Manila. It is the largest city in the CALABARZON Region. It is also the seventh most populous city in the country with a population of 677,741 in 2010.It was converted from a municipality into a component city of Rizal Province on April 4, 1998, under Republic Act No. 8508. A new provincial capitol building was inaugurated in the city in March 2009 to replace the old capitol in Pasig which has long been outside the jurisdiction of Rizal Province; after Pasig was included in Metro Manila in 1975. With the transfer of the provincial government to Antipolo, it is highly favored to be officially designated as the new capital of the province. On March 14, 2011, Antipolo was declared a ""highly-urbanized city"" by President Benigno Aquino; such proclamation however still needs to be ratified in a plebiscite.The city is popular for being a pilgrimage site. It prides itself as the ""Pilgrimage Capital of the Philippines."" The Marian image of the Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage or the Virgin of Antipolo, which was brought in from Mexico in 1626, and enshrined in the Antipolo Cathedral has a continuous following among Filipino Catholics since the Spanish era. A popular custom of pilgrims to the Virgin of Antipolo is the trek going to its shrine on the eves of Good Friday and May 1, from various locations in Rizal Province and Metro Manila. Some pilgrims would begin the trek from Quiapo Church in Downtown Manila following the procession of the image. There is also an existing custom to have new cars blessed at the church in the belief that this will ensure the safety of the car and its passengers.Its higher elevation than that of Metro Manila affords it a scenic view of the metropolis, especially at night. Its locally grown mangoes and cashews are popular among tourists, as well as suman – a local delicacy made out of glutinous rice. The Hinulugang Taktak National Park, which was once a popular summer get-away is being restored to become again one of the city's primary attractions."
"Antsirabe (Malagasy pronunciation: [anˌtsiraˈbe]) is the third largest city in Madagascar and the capital of the Vakinankaratra region, with a population of over 180,000. In Madagascar, Antsirabe is known for its relatively cool climate (as the rest of the central region of the country), its industry and the high concentration of pulled rickshaws or pousse-pousses (in French), among other things."
"Antsiranana (Malagasy: Antsiran̈ana Malagasy pronunciation: [antsʲˈraŋanə̥]), named Diego-Suarez prior to 1975, is a city at the northern tip of Madagascar.Antsiranana is the capital of Diana Region."
"Anuradhapura (Sinhala: අනුරාධපුරය ; Tamil: அனுராதபுரம் is a major city in Sri Lanka. It is the capital city of North Central Province, Sri Lanka and the capital of Anuradhapura District.  Anuradhapura is one of the ancient capitals of Sri Lanka, famous for its well-preserved ruins of ancient Sri Lankan civilization. It was 3rd capital of the Kingdom of Rajarata after Tambapanni and Upatissa Nuwara.The city, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site, was the center of Theravada Buddhism for many centuries. The city lies 205 km north of the current capital Colombo in Sri Lanka's North Central Province, on the banks of the historic Malvathu Oya. It is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world and one of the eight World Heritage Sites of Sri Lanka.It is believed that from the 4th century BC, it was the capital of the Sinhalese until the beginning of the 11th century AD. During this period it remained one of the most stable and durable centers of political power and urban life in South Asia. The ancient city, considered sacred to the Buddhist world, is today surrounded by monasteries covering an area of over sixteen square miles (40 km²)."
"Appenzell is the capital of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland. Appenzell has no municipal government of its own; rather, the different parts of Appenzell belong to the districts Appenzell, Schwende and Rüte. Because of that, for firefighting, energy and water, the town Appenzell has a special-purpose municipality, the Feuerschaugemeinde.In 1071 the town was referred to as Abbacella. By 1223 this changed to Abbatiscella, meaning the Abbot's cell. This refers to the landlord of the abbey.The buildings in the village core, the parish church, the 1563 town hall, the Salesis house, the ruins of Castle Clanx and the state archives with the administration building are listed as heritage sites of national significance."
"Ar Rutbah (Arabic: الرطبة‎, also known as Rutba, Rutbah, or Ar Rutba) is an Iraqi town in western Al Anbar province. The population is approximately 55,000. It occupies a strategic location on the Amman-Baghdad road, and the Mosul–Haifa oil pipeline. Considered a ""wet spot"", it receives 114.3 mm (4.5 inches) of rain annually, and is located on a high plateau."
"Aracaju (Portuguese pronunciation: [aɾakaˈʒu]) is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country on the coast, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.  According to the 2013 Census, the city has 614,577 inhabitants, which represents approximately 33% of the state population. Adding to the populations of the municipalities forming the Metropolitan area: Our Lady of Perpetual Help, Santa Luzia Island and Saint Christopher, the number goes to 899 239 inhabitants.The coast of Aracaju has many unspoiled beaches, such as the ones in Santa Luzia Island, and urban beaches, such as the most famous Atalaia. These coastal neighborhoods include playgrounds, squares, football fields, volleyball and basketball courts, residential buildings, bars, nightclubs, restaurants, banks and hotels although the most populated region is placed 13km away in downtown area.Aracaju, one of the first cities to be planned in Brazil, was built with the intention of becoming the state capital. It was founded in 1855, as the capital of Sergipe.Despite being the least populated northeastern capital, its location is an important strategic point while urban, economic, cultural and political center for Brazil.It is noted as the capital with lower inequality in Brazilian Northeast, as the city with the healthiest lifestyles of the country, national example in consideration of bike paths in the projects of urban displacement and is considered the capital of the country with lowest smoking rate, according the National Health Ministry.In line to be recognized as the Quality of Life metropolis is gaining prominence innovative urban displacement system called CashewBike. The project consists in using platforms scattered throughout the city, where you can rent bicycles to practice physical activity but also as any means of clean efficient transportation. In that case, provides an important integration to main bus chain terminals and near to the top colleges around the city.The city has emerged as a good choice in low-cost tourism. Recognized as one of the safest capitals in the Northeast region and the lowest costs of living in the country, more recently has focused its tourism business in creating quality accommodation, such as world-renowned hostels. Through planned public transportation improvements were aimed at increasing the comfort and integration to the visitors users. In advance of seeking access facilities, bus lines have been performed and can be monitored in real time here For the 2014 FIFA World Cup the polis was selected as a training center for the Greek national football team. This fact has being established, thus strengthening the bond between two people who have traditionally simplicity and great host its visitors. This cordial bond promises to support of the locals with wishes of good luck to the visitors for the tournament.Annually has as striking festive celebrations on your calendar - top tour events Pre-Cashew (in January), For-all-Cashew (big regional music festival in June) and Summer Sergipe (during summer time) ."
"Arak About this sound pronunciation  (Persian: اراک - Arāk‎), also knowns as Sultan Abad (Persian: سلطان آباد - Soltān Ābād‎), is a city in and the capital of Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 526,182, in 160,761 families."
"Ardabil About this sound pronunciation  (Persian اردبیل, also Romanized as Ardabīl and Ardebīl) is a historical city in north-western Iran. The name Ardabil comes from the Zoroastrian name of ""Artawila"", which means a holy place. Ardabil is the center of Ardabil Province.  At the 2011 census, its population was 564,365, in 156,324 families, where the dominant majority are ethnic Azeris. Notable for its silk and carpet trade tradition, the ancient Ardabil Carpets are considered some of the best of the classical Persian carpet creations. Ardabil is also known as the seat of a World Heritage Site: the sanctuary and tomb of Shaikh Safî ad-Dîn, eponym of the Safavid Dynasty."
"Not to be confused with Armavir, RussiaArmavir (Armenian: Արմավիր) is a city and an urban community located in the western part of Armenia. It is the capital of the Armavir Province. The city was known as Sardarapat between 1931 and 1935, and Hoktemberyan until 1992. The Russian city of Armavir was founded by Armenians in the 19th century and named after the ancient Armenian city of Armavir. As of 2011, the population of the city is 33,888, declined from 46,900 as of the 1989 census."
"Arnhem (/ˈɑːnəm/ or /ˈɑːnhɛm/, Dutch: [ˈɑrnɛm] (13px ) or [ˈɑrnɦɛm] (13px ), South Guelderish: Èrnem), is a city and municipality, situated in the eastern part of the Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of Gelderland and located on both banks of the river Nederrijn as well as on the Sint-Jansbeek, which was the source of the city's development. Arnhem had a population of 151,356 in 2014 and is one of the larger cities of the Netherlands. The municipality is part of the city region Arnhem-Nijmegen, which has a combined 736,500 inhabitants. Arnhem is home to the Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen and ArtEZ Institute of the Arts."
"This article refers to the City of Arusha.  For other uses, see Arusha (disambiguation).Arusha is a city in northern Tanzania and the capital of the Arusha Region, with a population of 416,442 plus 323,198 in the surrounding Arusha District (2012 census). Located below Mount Meru on the eastern edge of the eastern branch of the Great Rift Valley, Arusha has a temperate climate. The city is close to the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area, Lake Manyara National Park, Olduvai Gorge, Tarangire National Park, Mount Kilimanjaro, and Arusha National Park on Mount Meru.Arusha is a major international diplomatic hub. The city hosts and is regarded as the de facto capital of the East African Community. Since 1994, the city has also hosted the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. It is a multicultural city with a majority Tanzanian population of mixed backgrounds: indigenous Bantu, Arab-Tanzanian and Indian-Tanzanian population, plus small White European and white American minority population. Religions of the Arushan population are  Christian, Jewish, Muslim, and Hindu."
"Asmara (Tigrinya: ኣስመራ?</span>, Asmera), known locally as Asmera (meaning ""The four (feminine plural) made them unite"" in Tigrinya), is the capital city and largest settlement in Eritrea. Home to a population of around 649,000 inhabitants, it sits at an elevation of 2,325 metres (7,628 ft). The city is located at the tip of an escarpment that is both the northwestern edge of the Eritrean highlands and the Great Rift Valley in neighbouring Ethiopia.Asmara is situated in Eritrea's central Maekel Region. It is known for its well-preserved colonial Italian modernist architecture. The city is divided into thirteen districts or administrative areas: Acria, Abbashaul, Edaga Hamus, Arbaete Asmara, Mai Temenai, Paradizo, Sembel, Godaif, Maekel Ketema or Downtown, Tiravolo, Gejeret, Tsetserat and Gheza Banda."
"Assen (Dutch: [ˈɑsə(n)] (13px )) is a municipality and a city in the northeastern Netherlands, and is the capital of the province of Drenthe. It received city rights in 1809. Assen is known for TT Circuit Assen, the motorcycle racing circuit, where on the last Saturday in June the Dutch TT is run; and also for the annual Assen Dance Festival."
"Aswan (English pronunciation: /ˌæsˈwɑːn/; Egyptian Arabic: أسوان Aswān  [ʔɑsˈwɑːn]; Ancient Egyptian: Swenett; Coptic: ⲥⲟⲩⲁⲛ Souan; Ancient Greek: Συήνη Syene, formerly spelled Assuan, is a city in the south of Egypt, the capital of the Aswan Governorate.Aswan is a busy market and tourist centre located just north of the Aswan Dams on the east bank of the Nile at the first cataract. The modern city has expanded and includes the formerly separate community on the island of Elephantine."
"Lycopolis and Lykopolis redirect here; for the ancient city bearing those names located in the delta of the Nile, see Lycopolis (Delta).Asyut (Arabic: أسيوط‎ Asyūṭ  pronounced [ʔɑsˈjuːtˤ]) is the capital of the modern Asyut Governorate in Egypt; the ancient city of the same name is situated nearby. The modern city is located at 27°11′00″N 31°10′00″E, while the ancient city is located at 27°10′00″N 31°08′00″E."
"Atar (Arabic: أطار‎, Berber for mountain) is a town in northwestern Mauritania, the capital of the Adrar Region and the main settlement on the Adrar Plateau.  It is home to an airport, a museum and a historic mosque, constructed in 1674. In 2013 it had a population of 26,144."
"Attapeu , Attopu or Attapu (Lao: ອັດຕະປື) is the capital of Attapeu Province, Laos. It is the southernmost among provincial capitals in Laos opposite Phongsali in the north."
"The Auckland urban area (/ˈɔːklənd/, AWK-lənd), in the North Island of New Zealand, is the largest and most populous urban area in the country. Auckland has a population of 1,413,700, which constitutes 31 percent of the country's population. It is part of the wider Auckland Region, which includes the rural areas and towns north and south of the urban area, plus the islands of the Hauraki Gulf, resulting in a total population of 1,527,100 that is governed by the Auckland Council. Auckland also has the largest Polynesian population of any city in the world. In Māori, Auckland's name is Tāmaki Makaurau and the transliterated version of Auckland is Ākarana.The Auckland urban area (as defined by Statistics New Zealand) ranges to Waiwera in the north, Kumeu in the northwest, and Runciman in the south. It is not contiguous; the section from Waiwera to Whangaparaoa Peninsula is separate from its nearest neighbouring suburb of Long Bay. Auckland lies between the Hauraki Gulf of the Pacific Ocean to the east, the low Hunua Ranges to the south-east, the Manukau Harbour to the south-west, and the Waitakere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north-west. The central part of the urban area occupies a narrow isthmus between the Manukau Harbour on the Tasman Sea and the Waitemata Harbour on the Pacific Ocean. It is one of the few cities in the world to have two harbours on two separate major bodies of water.The 2014 Mercer Quality of Living Survey ranked Auckland 3rd place in the world on its list, while the Economist's World's most liveable cities index of 2011 ranked Auckland in 9th place.In 2010, Auckland was classified as a Beta World City in the World Cities Study Group's inventory by Loughborough University."
"Aweil is a city in South Sudan in Bahr el ghazal Region"
"Awka (Igbo: Ọka) is the capital of Anambra State, Nigeria with an estimated population of 301,657 As of 2006 Nigerian census. The city is located about 400 miles east of Lagos in the centre of the densely populated Igbo heartland in southeastern Nigeria.The West-East Federal highway links Lagos, Benin City, Asaba, Onitsha, and Enugu to Awka and several local roads link it to other important towns such as Ekwulobia, Agulu, Enugwu-Ukwu, Abagana and Nnewi.Strategically, Awka is located midway between two major cities in Northern Igboland, Onitsha and Enugu which has informed its choice as an administrative center for the colonial authorities and today as a base for the Anambra State government."
"Ayun Pa is a district-level town (thị xã) in Gia Lai Province, in the Central Highlands of Vietnam. It used to be known as Cheo Reo. Ayun Pa covers an area of 788.9 km², with a population of 35,058 (2007). The town is situated in the south-eastern part of Gia Lai Province. To the east and north-east is Ia Pa District, to the south-east is Krông Pa District, to the south is Ea H'leo District, to the west is Phú Thiện District.Ayun Pa town has 8 subdivisions, including 4 urban wards (phường): Cheo Reo, Hòa Bình, Đoàn Kết, Sông Bờ, and communes (xã): Ia RTô, Chư Băh, Ia Rbol and Ia Sao."
"Azogues (Spanish pronunciation: [aˈsoɣes]) is the capital of Azogues Canton and of Cañar Province in Ecuador. The population of Azogues is 40,000.[1] Azogues is part of Cuenca Metropolitan area (600,000 inhabitants)  is known for its Panama hat industry; the hats are produced primarily for export.  The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of AzoguesLAND TRANSPORTATION: Azogues is well connected to Cuenca via ""via rapida"" Biblian-Azogues-Cuenca; currently being widened to 6 lanes.Connects to Quito via I35 and to Guayaquil via I40,  both newly improved branches of the Panamerican Highway.AIR TRANSPORTATION: Azogues uses Mariscal Lamar Regional Airport located in Cuenca."
"Babahoyo (Spanish pronunciation: [baβaˈoʝo]), founded September 30, 1948, by legislative decree, is the capital of the Los Ríos province of Ecuador. Its population is cited around 153,000.  It is bordered by two rivers, the San Pablo and the Caracol, which join to form the Babahoyo River. This meets the Daule River to form the Guayas River, which runs to the Pacific Ocean at the Gulf of Guayaquil.  A processing and trade center for the surrounding agricultural region, the city handles rice, sugarcane, fruits, balsa wood, and tagua nuts (vegetable ivory). Rice and sugar are also milled here."
"Bacolor is a third class municipality in the province of Pampanga, Philippines. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 31,508 people."
"Badulla (Sinhala: බදුල්ල, Tamil: பதுளை), is a major city in Sri Lanka. It is the capital city of Uva Province, Sri Lanka and the Badulla District. Badulla is located 60 km southeast of Kandy, almost encircled by the Badulu Oya (River), about 680 metres (2200 ft) above sea level and is surrounded by picturesque hills and mountains, most of which have tea plantations."
"Baghdad (Arabic: بغداد‎ Baġdād, Iraqi pronunciation: [bɐʁˈd̪ɑːd̪]; Kurdish بەغدا, Bexda) is the capital of the Republic of Iraq, as well as the coterminous Baghdad Province. The population of Baghdad, as of 2011, is approximately 7,216,040, making it the largest city in Iraq, the second largest city in the Arab world (after Cairo, Egypt), and the second largest city in Western Asia (after Tehran, Iran). According to the government, which is preparing for a census, the population of the country has reached 35 million, with 9 million in the capital.Located along the Tigris River, the city was founded in the 8th century and became the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate. Within a short time of its inception, Baghdad evolved into a significant cultural, commercial, and intellectual center for the Islamic world. This, in addition to housing several key academic institutions (e.g. House of Wisdom), garnered the city a worldwide reputation as the ""Center of Learning"". Throughout the High Middle Ages, Baghdad was considered to be the largest city in the world with an estimated population of 1,200,000 people. According to some archeologists it was the first city to reach a population over one million inhabitants. The city was largely destroyed at the hands of the Mongol Empire in 1258, resulting in a decline that would linger through many centuries due to frequent plagues and multiple successive empires. With the recognition of Iraq as an independent state (formerly the British Mandate of Mesopotamia) in 1938, Baghdad gradually regained some of its former prominence as a significant center of Arab culture.In contemporary times, the city has often faced severe infrastructural damage, most recently due to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and the subsequent Iraq War that lasted until December 2011. In recent years, the city has been frequently subjected to insurgency attacks. As of 2012, Baghdad was listed as one of the least hospitable places in the world to live, and was ranked by Mercer as the worst of 221 major cities as measured by quality-of-life."
"Bago (Burmese: ပဲခူးမြို့; MLCTS: pai: khu: mrui., IPA: [bəɡó mjo̰]; Mon: ဗဂေါ, [həkɜ̀]; Thai: พะโค, RTGS: Pha-kho), formerly Pegu, is a city and the capital of Bago Region in Myanmar (Burma). It is located 50 miles (80 km) north-east of Yangon."
"Baku (Azerbaijani: Bakı, IPA: [bɑˈcɯ]) is the capital and largest city of Azerbaijan, as well as the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region. Baku is located 28 metres (92 ft) below sea level, which makes it the lowest lying national capital in the world and also the largest city in the world located below sea level. It is located on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula, which projects into the Caspian Sea. The city consists of two principal parts: the downtown area and the old Inner City (21.5 ha). At the beginning of 2009, Baku's urban population was estimated at just over two million people. Officially, about 25 percent of all inhabitants of the country live in Baku's metropolitan area.Baku is divided into eleven administrative districts (raions) and 48 townships. Among these are the townships on islands in the Baku Bay and the town of Oil Rocks built on stilts in the Caspian Sea, 60 km (37 mi) away from Baku. The Inner City of Baku along with the Shirvanshah's Palace and Maiden Tower were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000. According to the Lonely Planet's ranking, Baku is also among the world's top ten destinations for urban nightlife.The city is the scientific, cultural and industrial center of Azerbaijan. Many sizeable Azerbaijani institutions have their headquarters there, including SOCAR, one of the world's top 100 companies and others. The Baku International Sea Trade Port, sheltered by the islands of the Baku Archipelago to the east and the Absheron Peninsula to the north, is capable of handling two million tons of general and dry bulk cargoes per year. In recent years Baku has become an important venue for international events. It hosted the 57th Eurovision Song Contest in 2012 and will host the 2015 European Games, 2016 European Grand Prix and Euro 2020.The city is renowned for its harsh winds. This is reflected in the city's nickname, the ""City of Winds""."
"Balad (Arabic: بلد‎), also transliterated Beled or Belad, is a city in the Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq, 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of the national capital, Baghdad. It is the capital of Balad District. Located between the Sunni towns of Al Dhuluiya, Yathrib and Ishaqi, Balad has a mixed Shiite Sunni population of approximately 36,000.In the later months of 2014 the city was besieged by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces."
"Balad Ruz (Arabic: بلدروز‎) is a small Shia town in the Diyala province of Iraq. Its mayor is Mohamed Maroof Al-Hussein.Balad Ruz has a radio station that was opened Dec. 18 2006, known as Al Noor Radio Station, also known as “The Light”.The current commander of all Iraqi Army ground forces, Lt. General Ali Ghaidan Majid is from Balad Ruz."
"Balchik (Bulgarian: Балчик, Romanian: Balcic, Turkish: Balçık) is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Southern Dobruja area of northeastern Bulgaria. It is located in Dobrich Oblast and is 42 km northeast of Varna. The town sprawls scenically along hilly terraces descending from the Dobruja plateau to the sea."
"Balikpapan is a seaport city on the east coast of the island of Borneo, in the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan. Two harbors, Semayang and Kariangau (a ferry harbour), and Sultan Aji Muhamad Sulaiman airport are the main transportation ports to the city. The city has a population of 701,066,  making it the second-largest city in East Kalimantan, after Samarinda."
"Baltimore (/ˈbɔːltɨˌmɔr/, locally: [ˈbɔɫ.mɔɻ]) is the largest city in the State of Maryland, the largest independent city in the United States, and the 26th-most populous city in the country. It is located in the central area of the state along the tidal portion of the Patapsco River, an arm of the Chesapeake Bay. The independent city is often referred to as Baltimore City to distinguish it from the surrounding Baltimore County. Founded in 1729, Baltimore is the second largest seaport in the Mid-Atlantic United States and is situated closer to Midwestern markets than any other major seaport on the East Coast. Baltimore's Inner Harbor was once the second leading port of entry for immigrants to the United States and a major manufacturing center. After a decline in major manufacturing, industrialization and rail transportation,  Baltimore shifted to a service-oriented economy, with the Johns Hopkins Hospital (founded 1889), and Johns Hopkins University (founded 1876), now serving as the city's top two employers.With a population of 622,104 as of July 1, 2013, Baltimore increased by 762 residents over the previous year, ending over six decades of population loss since its peak in 1950. The Baltimore Metropolitan Area has grown steadily to approximately 2.7 million residents in 2010; the 20th largest in the country. Baltimore has the second largest population (after Washington, D.C.), and is a principal city in, the greater Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area with a total of approximately 9.44 million residents (as of 2013 estimates).With hundreds of identified districts, Baltimore has been dubbed ""a city of neighborhoods"", and has been more recently known as ""Charm City"", to go along with its older moniker of ""The Monumental City"" (coined by sixth President John Quincy Adams in 1827), and its more controversial 19th-century sobriquet of ""Mobtown"". The talents of writers Edgar Allan Poe and H.L. Mencken, jazz musician James ""Eubie"" Blake and singer Billie Holiday, as well as the city's role in the War of 1812 and Francis Scott Key's writing of ""The Star-Spangled Banner"", which later became the American national anthem, have all contributed to the city's historical importance.According to the Brookings Institution, almost a quarter of the jobs in the Baltimore region are science, technology, engineering and math positions. The Baltimore area is known for health and science, which is in part attributed to the prestigious Johns Hopkins University, with its extensive undergraduate and graduate schools, the University of Maryland at Baltimore, and other smaller schools such as the University of Baltimore, the science-heavy University of Maryland, Baltimore County, (in Catonsville), Loyola University, Notre Dame University Maryland, Stevenson University, (formerly Villa Julie College – in suburban Stevenson), Goucher College, (in suburban Towson), and the Maryland Institute College of Art."
"Bamako is the capital and largest city of Mali, with a population of 1.8 million (2009 census, provisional). In 2006, it was estimated to be the fastest growing city in Africa and sixth-fastest in the world. It is located on the Niger River, near the rapids that divide the upper and middle Niger valleys in the southwestern part of the country.Bamako is the nation's administrative center. The city proper is a cercle in its own right. Bamako's river port is located in nearby Koulikoro, along with a major regional trade and conference center. Bamako is the seventh-largest West African urban center after Lagos, Abidjan, Kano, Ibadan, Dakar, and Accra. Locally manufactured goods include textiles, processed meat, and metal goods. Commercial fishing occurs on the Niger River.The name Bamako comes from the Bambara word meaning ""crocodile river""."
"Banda Aceh or Banda Acèh is the capital and largest city in the province of Aceh, Indonesia. It is located on the island of Sumatra and has an elevation of 35 meters. The city covers an area of 64 square kilometres and had a population of 219,070 people, according to the 2000 census. Banda Aceh is located on the northwestern tip of Indonesia at the mouth of the Aceh River.The city was originally established as Kutaraja or 'City of the King' and served as a capital and hub for the Sultanate of Aceh upon its foundation in the late 15th century. Later its name was changed to Bandar Aceh Darussalam, and then became popularly known as Banda Aceh. The first part of the name comes from the Persian bandar (بندر) meaning ""port"" or ""haven.""  The city is also dubbed the ""port to Mecca,"" or the ""porch of Mecca"" (Indonesian: Serambi Mekkah) in reference to the days when hajj pilgrims travelled by sea from Indonesia and would make a stop over in the city before continuing their journey to Mecca. Banda Aceh had long been at the centre of protracted conflicts between the Acehnese and foreign domination, including wars with the Dutch, the Japanese and the Indonesian government. The city rose to international prominence in the aftermath of the Indian Ocean earthquake in 2004, which struck off the western coast of Sumatra.  Banda Aceh was the closest major city to the earthquake's epicenter, which lay 249km off the coast. It suffered great damage in the earthquake and further damage when a tsunami struck shortly afterwards. 167,000 people died as a result and many more were injured.The aftermath of the tsunami has seen a the cessation of much of the conflict in the city and province, and domestic and international aid as a result has seen a major modernization and reconstruction of the city over the past decade."
"Bandar Lampung (translated Lampung harbor) is the capital and economic hub of Lampung province, Indonesia. It was called Tanjungkarang-Telukbetung, the names of the two major sections of the city, before being renamed in 1983. For immigrants and travelers from Java, the city is the entry point to Sumatra, especially before the construction of the major harbor at Bakauheni, just south of Bandar Lampung. Bandar Lampung is served by the domestic Radin Inten II Airport, with flights to Jakarta located northwester of the city. The city and South Lampung Regency (which borders the city on its northern and eastern sides) are major transmigrasi recipients for those seeking respite from the crushing population densities and traffic nightmare of Jakarta, yet able to take advantage of proximity. As such, its population composition is far more cosmopolitan for a provincial capital of its size.The city's area is about 118.5 km², with a population of 879,651 at the 2010 Census; the latest estimate (for January 2014) is 923,970."
"Bandung (/ˈbændʊŋ/ or /ˈbɑːndʊŋ/) (Indonesian: Kota Bandung) is the capital of West Java province in Indonesia and the country's third largest city by population with a sprawling urban population of 8.6 million in 2011. Located 768 metres (2,520 ft) above sea level, approximately 140 kilometres (87 miles) south east of Jakarta, Bandung has cooler temperatures year-round than most other Indonesian cities. The city lies on a river basin surrounded by volcanic mountains. This topography provides a good natural defense system, which was the primary reason for the Dutch East Indies government's plan to move the colony capital from Batavia to Bandung.The Dutch colonials first established tea plantations around the mountains in the eighteenth century, and a road was constructed to connect the plantation area to the capital (180 kilometres (112 miles) to the northwest). The Dutch inhabitants of the city demanded establishment of a municipality (gemeente), which was granted in 1906, and Bandung gradually developed itself into a resort city for plantation owners. Luxurious hotels, restaurants, cafes and European boutiques were opened, hence the city was nicknamed Parijs van Java (Dutch: ""The Paris of Java"").Since Indonesia achieved independence in 1945, the city has experienced rapid development and urbanisation, transforming Bandung from idyllic town into a dense 16,500 people/km2 metropolitan area, a living space for over 2.5 million people. Natural resources have been exploited excessively, particularly by conversion of protected upland area into highland villas and real estate. Although the city has encountered many problems (ranging from waste disposal, floods to complicated traffic system, etc.), Bandung still attracts immigrants and weekend travelers."
"Bangkok (English pronunciation: /ˈbæŋkɒk/) is the capital and the most populous city of Thailand. It is known in Thai as Krung Thep Maha Nakhon (กรุงเทพมหานคร, pronounced  [krūŋ tʰêːp mahǎː nákʰɔ̄ːn] (13px )) or simply About this sound Krung Thep . The city occupies 1,568.7 square kilometres (605.7 sq mi) in the Chao Phraya River delta in Central Thailand, and has a population of over 8 million, or 12.6 percent of the country's population. Over 14 million people (22.2 percent) live within the surrounding Bangkok Metropolitan Region, making Bangkok an extreme primate city, dwarfing Thailand's other urban centres in terms of importance.Bangkok traces its roots to a small trading post during the Ayutthaya Kingdom in the 15th century, which eventually grew in size and became the site of two capital cities: Thonburi in 1768 and Rattanakosin in 1782. Bangkok was at the heart of Siam's (as Thailand used to be known) modernization during the later 19th century, as the country faced pressures from the West. The city was the centre stage of Thailand's political struggles throughout the 20th century, as the country abolished absolute monarchy, adopted constitutional rule and underwent numerous coups and uprisings. The city grew rapidly during the 1960s through the 1980s and now exerts a significant impact among Thailand's politics, economy, education, media and modern society.The Asian investment boom in the 1980s and 1990s led many multinational corporations to locate their regional headquarters in Bangkok. The city is now a major regional force in finance and business. It is an international hub for transport and health care, and is emerging as a regional centre for the arts, fashion and entertainment. The city is known for its vibrant street life and cultural landmarks, as well as its notorious red-light districts. The historic Grand Palace and Buddhist temples including Wat Arun and Wat Pho stand in contrast with other tourist attractions such as the nightlife scenes of Khaosan Road and Patpong. Bangkok is among the world's top tourist destinations. It is named the most visited city in MasterCard's Global Destination Cities Index, and was named ""World's Best City"" for four consecutive years by Travel + Leisure magazine.Bangkok's rapid growth amidst little urban planning and regulation has resulted in a haphazard cityscape and inadequate infrastructure systems. Limited roads, despite an extensive expressway network, together with substantial private car usage, have resulted in chronic and crippling traffic congestion. This in turn caused severe air pollution in the 1990s. The city has since turned to public transport in an attempt to solve this major problem. Four rapid transit lines are now in operation, with more systems under construction or planned by the national government and the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration."
"Bangui (French pronunciation: ​[bɑ̃ɡi]), formerly written Bangi in English, is the capital of the Central African Republic and its largest city. As of 2012 it had an estimated population of 734,350. It was established as a French outpost in 1889 and named for its placement on the northern bank of the Ubangi River (French: Oubangui); the Ubangi itself was named from the Bobangi word for the ""rapids"" located beside the settlement, which marked the end of navigable water north from Brazzaville. The majority of the population of the Central African Republic lives in the western parts of the country, in Bangui and the surrounding area.The city forms an autonomous commune (commune autonome) of the Central African Republic which is surrounded by the Ombella-M'Poko prefecture. With an area of 67 square kilometres (26 sq mi), the commune is the smallest high-level administrative division in the country, but the highest in terms of population. The city consists of eight urban districts (arrondissements), 16 groups (groupements) and 205 neighbourhoods (quartiers). As the capital of the Central African Republic, Bangui acts as an administrative, trade, and commercial centre. It is served by the Bangui M'Poko International Airport. The National Assembly, government buildings, banks, foreign enterprises and embassies, hospitals, hotels, main markets and the Ngaragba Central Prison are all located here. Bangui manufactures textiles, food products, beer, shoes and soap. Its Notre-Dame Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bangui. The city is also home to the University of Bangui, inaugurated in 1970.Bangui has been the scene of intense rebel activity and destruction during decades of political upheaval, including the current rebellion. As a result of political unrest, the city was named in 1996 as one of the most dangerous in the world."
"Banjarmasin (aka Bandjermasin or Bandjarmasin) is the capital of South Kalimantan, Indonesia. It is located on a delta island near the junction of the Barito and Martapura rivers. As a result, Banjarmasin is sometimes called the ""River City"". Its population was 625,395 at the 2010 Census."
"Banjul, officially the City of Banjul and formerly known as Bathurst, is the capital of the Gambia and is in a division of the same name. The population of the city proper is only 34,828, with the Greater Banjul Area, which includes the City of Banjul and the Kanifing Municipal Council, at a population of 357,238 (2003 census).  Banjul is on St Mary's Island (Banjul Island), where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean. The island is connected to the mainland to the west and the rest of Greater Banjul Area via bridges. There are also ferries linking Banjul to the mainland at the other side of the river."
"Banmauk or Bamauk is a town in the Sagaing Division in Burma. It is connected by road to Pinlebu which links with Phaungbyin and Kawlin. The township is home to the Shan, Kadu and Kanan ethnic minorities, and the region has witnessed fighting between the Communists and the government troops. There is a famous mount called Santlon. Santlon is Shan Language. It means ""Great Elephant""."
"Barda (Azerbaijani: Bərdə) is the capital city of the Barda Rayon in Azerbaijan, located south of Yevlax and on the left bank of the Terter river. Once an Azerbaijan town, and later the capital of Caucasian Albania perhaps since the end of the fourth century, Barda became the chief city of the Islamic province of Arran, the classical Caucasian Albania, remaining so until the tenth century."
"Barentu (Tigrinya: ባረንቱ?</span> IPA: [barɐntu]) is a town in south-western Eritrea, lying south of Agordat on the continent of Africa. It is mainly inhabited by the Nilotic Kunama people and Nara people. The Nara people leader Shekaray Agaba was the first to build the town umba arenku which it means the white water. It is located in the Gash-Barka Zone of Eritrea. Barentu is the  largest town in the Gash-Barka Zone in Eritrea, lying west of Asmara. It is the capital of the Gash-Barka and home of the Nara and Kunama tribe. The city is integrated with different types of tribes; Kunama, Nara, Tigre and Tigrigna being the dominant. Its climate is semi-desert hot during summer and cold during winter. It is one of the fastest growing cities in the country.The town has typically been a center of mining and agricultural activities for the area.  The town suffered major damage during the Eritrean-Ethiopian War but has since undergone reconstruction.Nearby towns and villages include Tauda (8.0 nm), Alegada (6.9 nm), Dedda (7.2 nm), Augana (3.2 nm), Cona (5.7 nm) and Daghilo (7.8 nm), Mogolo, kofa arenku, Arada Tarkina, Lemesa.== §External links == 16x16px Media related to Barentu at Wikimedia Commons"
"Barranquilla (Spanish pronunciation: [baraŋˈkiʝa]) is a city and municipality located in northern Colombia. It is the only major city in South America that was populated before its formal foundation. Barranquilla is located near the Caribbean Sea. The city is located in the Atlántico Department, of which it is the capital. Barranquilla is the largest city and port in the northern Caribbean Coast region of Colombia, with a population of 1,885,500 as of 2011 in its metropolitan area, which makes it Colombia's fourth most populous city after Bogotá, Medellín and Cali.Barranquilla lies strategically next to the delta of the Magdalena River, 7.5 km (4.7 mi) (originally 25 km (16 mi) before rapid urban growth) from its mouth at the Caribbean Sea, serving as port for river and maritime transportation within Colombia. It is also the main industrial, shopping, educational and cultural centre of the Caribbean Region of Colombia. The city is the core of the Metropolitan Area of Barranquilla, which also includes the municipalities of Soledad, Galapa, Malambo, and Puerto Colombia.Barranquilla was legally established as a town on April 7, 1813, although it dated from at least 1629. It grew into an important port, serving as a haven for immigrants from Europe, especially during and immediately following World War I and World War II, when waves of additional immigrants from the Middle East and Asia arrived. Barranquilla became Colombia's principal port, and with its level of industrialization and modernity earned the city the nickname Colombia's Golden Gate (Spanish: La Puerta de Oro de Colombia). In the 1940s, Barranquilla was the second largest city in Colombia and one of the most modern cities in the Caribbean and in South America, while later, local administrations, due to widespread corruption in their ranks, brought about a decline in the standard of living. As government investment increased in other Colombian cities, Barranquilla's national position was eclipsed.The city is home to one of the most important folk and cultural festivals of Colombia, the Carnival of Barranquilla, which was declared a National Cultural Heritage by the Congress of Colombia in 2001 and recognized by UNESCO in 2003.Ernesto Cortissoz International Airport, was built in Barranquilla in 1919, becoming the first airport in South America. The city is served by domestic and international flights."
"Basel (/ˈbɑːzəl/ or /ˈbɑːl/; or less often used Basle; German: Basel pronounced [ˈbaːzəl]; French: Bâle [bɑl]; Italian: Basilea [baziˈlɛːa]; Romansh: Basilea [baziˈlɛːa]) is Switzerland's third most populous city (behind Zürich and Geneva) with about 195,000 inhabitants.  Located where the Swiss, French and German borders meet, Basel also has suburbs in France and Germany. In 2011, the Basel agglomeration was the third largest in Switzerland with a population of 500,600 in 74 municipalities in Switzerland and an additional 53 in neighboring countries (municipal count as of 2000). The tri-national Basel metropolitan area has around 830,000 inhabitants in 226 municipalities.Located in northwest Switzerland on the river Rhine, Basel functions as a major industrial centre for the chemical and pharmaceutical industry. The Basel region, culturally extending into German Baden-Württemberg and French Alsace, reflects the heritage of its three states in the modern Latin name: ""Regio TriRhena"". It has the oldest university of the Swiss Confederation (1460). Basel is German-speaking. The local variant of the Swiss German dialects is called Basel German.Basel is among the most important cultural centres of Switzerland. The city comprises a large number of theatres and many museums, including the Museum of Fine Arts, the world's oldest art collection accessible to the public. In addition the Theater Basel was chosen in 1999 as the best stage for German-language performances and in 2009 & 2010 as ""Opera of the Year"" by German Opera Magazine ""Opernwelt""."
"Basra, also written Basrah (Arabic: البصرة‎; BGN: Al Başrah), is the capital of Basra Governorate, located on the Shatt al-Arab river in southern Iraq between Kuwait and Iran.  It had an estimated population of 1.5 million of 2012.  Basra is also Iraq's main port, although it does not have deep water access, which is handled at the port of Umm Qasr.The city is part of the historic location of Sumer, the home of Sinbad the Sailor, and a proposed location of the Garden of Eden. It played an important role in early Islamic history and was built in 636 AD or 14 AH. It is Iraq's second largest and most populous city after Baghdad. Basra is consistently one of the hottest cities on the planet, with summer temperatures regularly exceeding 45 °C (113 °F)."
"Basse-Terre is the prefecture (Capital city) of Guadeloupe, an overseas region and department of France located in the Lesser Antilles. The city of Basse-Terre is located on Basse-Terre Island, the western-half of Guadeloupe.Although it is the administrative capital of Guadeloupe, Basse-Terre is only the second largest city in Guadeloupe behind Pointe-à-Pitre with its urban area, with 44,864 inhabitants in 1999 (12,400 of whom lived in the city of Basse-Terre proper)."
"Basseterre /bæsˈtɛər/, estimated population 15,500 in 2000, is the capital of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies. Geographically, the Basseterre port is located at 17°18′N 62°44′W, on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island, and it is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands. The city lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre.Basseterre is one of the oldest towns in the Eastern Caribbean. About the origin of the name see Basse-Terre Island."
"Batam is an island, municipality (an Indonesian kotamadya), the largest city in the Riau Islands Province of Indonesia and the third largest city in Sumatra area. Batam is a free trade zone, part of the Indonesia–Malaysia–Singapore Growth Triangle, located 20 km (12 mi) off Singapore's south coast. The 715 km² (276 miles²) island, almost identical in size to Singapore, is the core part of the municipality.  The municipality (1,700  km²) has a population of 1,238,532 (Prediction in December 2014). As per the 2010 Census it was the fastest growing municipality in the nation, with a growth rate of 11% per year. Though the municipality covers adjacent islands, nearly all the people reside on Batam island."
"Battambang (Khmer: ក្រុងបាត់ដំបង) is the capital city of Battambang province in north western Cambodia.Founded in the 11th century by the Khmer Empire, Battambang is well known for being the leading rice-producing province of the country. For nearly 100 years, it was a major commercial hub and provincial capital of Siamese province of Inner Cambodia (1795-1907), though it was always populated by Khmer with a mix of ethnic Vietnamese, Lao, Thai and Chinese. Still today Battambang is the main hub of the Northwest connecting the entire region with Phnom Penh and Thailand, and as such it’s a vital link to Cambodia.The city is situated by the Sangkae River, a tranquil, small body of water that winds its way through Battambang Province providing its nice picturesque setting. As with much of Cambodia, the French Colonial architecture is an attractive bonus of the city. It is home to some of the best preserved French colonial architecture in the country."
"Bauchi is a city in northeast Nigeria, the capital of Bauchi State, of the Bauchi Local Government Area within that State, and of the traditional Bauchi Emirate. It is located on the northern edge of the Jos Plateau, at an elevation of 616 m. The city has a population of 316,173 (2004). The Local Government Area covers an area of 3,687 km2 and had a population of 493,810 at the time of the 2006 Census."
"Bawlakhe (Burmese: ဘော်လခဲမြို့) is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma."
"Belo Horizonte (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˌbɛloɾiˈzõtʃi]; Beautiful Horizon) is the sixth largest city in Brazil, the thirteenth largest city in South America and the sixteenth largest city in the Americas. The metropolis is anchor to the Belo Horizonte metropolitan area, ranked as the third most populous metropolitan area in Brazil, the nineteenth most populous in the Americas and the forty-second largest in the world. Belo Horizonte is the capital of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil's second most populous state.The region was first settled in the early 18th century, but the city as it is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s, in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais. The city features a mixture of contemporary and classical buildings, and is home to several modern Brazilian architectural icons, most notably the Pampulha Complex. In planning the city, Aarão Reis and Francisco Bicalho sought inspiration in the urban planning of Washington, D.C. The city has employed notable programs in urban revitalization and food security, for which it has been awarded international accolades.The city is built on several hills and is completely surrounded by mountains. There are several large parks in the immediate surroundings of Belo Horizonte. The Mangabeiras Park (Parque das Mangabeiras), located 6 km (4 mi) south-east from the city centre in the hills of Curral Ridge (Serra do Curral), has a very broad view of the city. It has an area of 2.35 km2 (580 acres), of which 0.9 km2 (220 acres) is covered by the native forest. The Jambeiro Woods (Mata do Jambeiro) nature reserve extends over 912 hectares (2,250 acres), with vegetation typical of the Atlantic forest. More than one hundred species of birds inhabit the reserve, as well as ten different species of mammals.Belo Horizonte was one of the host cities of the 1950 and the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Additionally, the city shared the host of the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup."
"Bengkulu City (Indonesian: Kota Bengkulu; English historic name: Bencoolen, Dutch historic: Benkulen or Benkoelen) is a city on the west coast of Sumatra in Indonesia. It had a population of 308,756 at the 2010 Census, the latest estimate (for January 20104) is 328,827. The city is the capital and largest city of Bengkulu Province."
"Beni Suef, (Egyptian Arabic: بنى سويف Baniswēf, IPA: [bænisˈweːf]; Coptic: Ⲡⲁⲛⲓⲥⲱϥ Panisōf) is the capital city of the Beni Suef Governorate in Egypt."
"Bentiu, also spelled Bantiu, is a town in South Sudan."
"Bergen (Norwegian pronunciation: []  (13px listen)) (Norwegian Nynorsk and Bokmål: /ˈbærɡn̩/, /-æɾɡ-/; Norwegian Bergensk: usually /ˈbæʁɡn̩/; British English: /ˈbəːɡən/; American English: /ˈbɜɹɡn̩/, /-ɡən/) is a city and municipality in Hordaland on the west coast of Norway, on the peninsula of Bergenshalvøyen. The city was established before 1070 AD. Bergen is the administrative centre of Hordaland.As of 2014 the municipal population was 277,000   making it the second-most populous city in Norway. (The Greater Bergen Region population is 410,900.)The area covered by the municipality is 465 square kilometres (180 sq mi), and it consists of eight boroughs.The remains of the quays, Bryggen, is a World Heritage Site.The city is an international centre for aquaculture, shipping, offshore petroleum industry and subsea technology, and a national centre for higher education, tourism and finance. Natives speak the distinct Bergensk dialect. The city features Bergen Airport, Flesland, the Bergen Light Rail and is the terminus of the Bergen Line; Bergen Port is Norway's busiest.The city centre and northern neighbourhoods are located on the shoreline of Byfjorden. Bergen is known as the city of The Seven Mountains."
"The city of Bern or Berne (German: Bern, pronounced [bɛrn] (13px ); French: Berne [bɛʁn]; Italian: Berna [ˈbɛrna]; Romansh: Berna [ˈbɛrnə]; Berndeutsch/Bärndütsch (Bernese German): Bärn [b̥æːrn]) is the de facto capital of Switzerland, referred to by the Swiss as their Bundesstadt, or ""federal city"". With a population of 138,809 (October 2014), Bern is the fourth most populous city in Switzerland. The Bern agglomeration, which includes 36 municipalities, has a population of 328,616 in 2000. The metropolitan area had a population of 660,000 in 2000. Bern is also the capital of the Canton of Bern, the second most populous of Switzerland's cantons.The official language of Bern is (the Swiss variety of Standard) German, but the main spoken language is the Alemannic Swiss German dialect called Bernese German.In 1983 the historic old town in the centre of Bern became a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Bern is ranked among the world’s top ten cities for the best quality of life (2010)."
"Bhamo (Burmese: ဗန်းမော်မြို့, also spelt Bamaw) is a city of Kachin State in the northernmost part of Myanmar, located  186 km south from the capital city of the state of Kachin, that is to say Myitkyina. It is on the Ayeyarwady River. It lies within 65 km of the border with Yunnan Province, China. The population consists of Chinese and Shan, with Kachin peoples in the hills around the town. It is the administrative center of Bhamo District and Bhamo Township."
"Bilin (Burmese: ဘီးလင်းမြို့; Mon: ၜဳက္လေၚ်) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar. It is the seat of Bilin Township. The Yangon-Mawlamyine Highway passes through Belin. The nearby Belin River flows into the Gulf of Martaban. The majority of residents are Bamar, and there are also members of the Kayin and Pa-O ethnic groups. The majority of people are Buddhist. Belin Township is home to the famous Kyaikhteesaung Pagoda located on a laterite stone hillock near Zoke Thoke village. The hillock itself was formed by laying laterite stones in squares of diminishing size on top of each other."
"Bima (Indonesia: Kota Bima) is a city on the eastern coast of the island of Sumbawa in central Indonesia's province West Nusa Tenggara. It is the largest city on the island of Sumbawa, with a population of 142,443 at the 2010 Census, but the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 148,984. It is separate from (but surrounded by) the adjoining Regency of Bima which had a population of 407,636 at the 2010 Census.  The people of Bima and the entire eastern side of Sumbawa speak what is known as Bima language (Indonesia: Bahasa Bima ; Bima: Nggahi Mbojo).  In modern times, Bima is the largest regional and economic hub of Eastern Sumbawa with transmigrants from other parts of Indonesia, especially Java, Bali, and Lombok. It has a central downtown commercial zone. It is home to the Sultan Salahuddin mosque and the Sultan Salahuddin museum (former Bima Sultanate palace). It is connected by provincial road to Dompu and Sape."
"Bindura is a town in the province of Mashonaland Central, Zimbabwe. It is located in the Mazowe Valley about 88 km north-east of Harare. According to the 1982 Population Census, the town had a population of 18,243. This rose to 21,167 in the 1992 census. It is the administrative capital of the province. Bindura Nickel, a subsidiary of Mwana Africa plc, mines nickel, copper and cobalt in the area and operates a smelter refinery just south of the town. Cotton and maize is grown intensely in the region. The first basic school in Bindura opened in 1912.The perennial Mazowe River runs around Bindura and through the northeastern perimeter.Bindura was originally named Kimberley Reefs after the gold mine which was opened in 1901, and changed to Bindura in 1913 when the railway arrived. Bindura is probably an Anglicised version of the Shona Phrase, pindura mhuka, meaning ""turn the game"". The word bindura also means ""a bitch in season""."
"Binjai formally Kota Binjai is an independent city in the North Sumatra province of Indonesia, and is bordered by Deli Serdang Regency to the east and Langkat Regency to the west.  Binjai is connected to Medan (the provincial capital), about 22 km to the east, by the Sumatra highway that goes to Banda Aceh, and effectively forms a part of Greater Medan. The ""Kota"" population was 181,904 in the 1990 Census, 224,516 in the 2000 Census, and 246,010 in 2010 Census."
"Bintuni (Dutch: Steenkool) is a small town in West Papua, Indonesia and seat of the Teluk Bintuni Regency. It comprises two villages (West Bintuni and East Bintuni) with a combined population of 13,795 at the 2010 Census. The town is located near southeast coast of the Bird's Head Peninsula on Bintuni Bay. It is served by Bintuni Airport."
"Bishkek (in Kyrgyz and Russian: Бишкéк), formerly Pishpek and Frunze, is the capital and the largest city in the Central Asian country of Kyrgyzstan.Bishkek is also the administrative centre of Chuy Province which surrounds the city, even though the city itself is not part of the province but rather a province-level unit of Kyrgyzstan.According to the post-Soviet ideology, the name is thought to derive from a Kyrgyz word for a churn used to make fermented mare's milk (kumis), the Kyrgyz national drink, which is rather debatable.Founded in 1825 as a Khokand fortress of ""Pishpek"" to control local caravan routes and to get tribute from Kyrgyz tribes, on 4 September 1860 the fortress was destroyed by Russian forces led by colonel Zimmermann, with approval of the Kyrgyz. In 1868 a Russian settlement was founded on the fortress's spot, adopting its original name - Pishpek, within the General Governorship of Russian Turkestan and its Semirechye Oblast.In 1925 the Kara-Kirghiz Autonomous Oblast was created in Russian Turkestan, promoting Pishpek as its capital. In 1926 the city was given the name Frunze, after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze, who was born here. In 1936 the city of Frunze became the capital of the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic during the final stages of the national delimitation in the Soviet Union.In 1991, the Kyrgyz parliament changed the capital's name to Bishkek (without quorum though).Bishkek is situated at about 800 metres (2,600 ft) altitude just off the northern fringe of the Kyrgyz Ala-Too range, an extension of the Tian Shan mountain range, which rises up to 4,855 metres (15,928 ft) and provides a spectacular backdrop to the city. North of the city, a fertile and gently undulating steppe extends far north into neighbouring Kazakhstan. The Chui River drains most of the area. Bishkek is connected to the Turkestan-Siberia Railway by a spur line.Bishkek is a city of wide boulevards and marble-faced public buildings combined with numerous Soviet-style apartment blocks surrounding interior courtyards and, especially outside the city centre, thousands of smaller privately built houses. It is laid out on a grid pattern, with most streets flanked on both sides by narrow irrigation channels that water the innumerable trees which provide shade in the hot summers."
"Bissau is the capital city of Guinea-Bissau. In 2007 Bissau had an estimated population of 407,424. Bissau is located on the Geba River estuary, off the Atlantic Ocean, and is Guinea-Bissau's largest city, major port, and its administrative and military centre."
"Bitung is a city on the northern coast of the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. It is in the province of North Sulawesi, and faces Lembeh Island and the Lembeh Strait, which is known for its colorful marine life, in particular sea slugs. Bitung has a population of 187,932 at the 2010 Census."
"Blitar is a city in East Java, Indonesia, about 73 km from Malang and 167 km from Surabaya. The area lies within longitude 111° 40' - 112° 09' East and its latitude is 8° 06' South. Blitar has several temples from Majapahit Empire era, such as Penataran and Simping.The city is noted as the location of the grave of Sukarno, the first President of Indonesia, five kilometers from the city plaza.  The Istana Gebang (Gebang palace) where Sukarno lived as a child is nearby and has been converted into a museum containing numerous items commemorating Sukarno's place in Indonesian history.  In addition, the very active Kelud volcano is located just over 20 kilometers north of Blitar.Former Vice President of Indonesia, Dr. Boediono, and the commander-in-chief of the Indonesian military, Admiral Agus Suhartono, were born in Blitar. Both of them are the alumni of SMP Negeri 1 Blitar and SMA Negeri 1 Blitar."
"Bloemfontein (English pronunciation: /ˈbluːmfɒnˌteɪn/ or /ˈbloʊmfɒnˌtaɪn/; Afrikaans pronunciation: [ˈblumfɔntəi̯n]; Afrikaans and Dutch for ""fountain of flowers"") is the capital city of the Free State Province of South Africa; and, as the judicial capital of the nation, one of South Africa's three national capitals; the other two capitals are Cape Town, the legislative capital, and Pretoria, the administrative capital.Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as ""the city of roses"", owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there. The city's Sesotho name is Mangaung, meaning ""place of cheetahs"" and it has been included in the Mangaung Local Municipality since 2000 .Bloemfontein is situated on dry grassland at 29°06′S 26°13′E, at an altitude of 1,395 m (4,577 ft) above sea level. The city is home to 369,568 residents, while the Mangaung Local Municipality has a population of 645,455."
"Boa Vista (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈboɐ ˈvistɐ], Good View) is the capital of the Brazilian state of Roraima. Situated on the western bank of the River Branco, the city lies 220 km (136 mi) away from Brazil's border with Venezuela. It is the only Brazilian capital located entirely north of the equator.Boa Vista is the most populous municipality in the state of Roraima; approximately half of the population of the state lives in the city. Commerce mostly occurs with Manaus, the capital of the State of Amazonas. Business also takes place between Boa Vista and with the cities of Lethem, in Guyana and  Santa Elena de Uairén, in Venezuela. These two foreign cities are the only major cities that can be accessed from Boa Vista by road, although roads connect other smaller state municipalities with the capital city. Travel by airplane is the only means of transportation with other regions of the country.As a modern city, Boa Vista stands out among the other capitals of the North Region of Brazil as it is a planned city with a radial plan. It was planned by the architect Darci Aleixo Derenusson who based his design for the city on one that is similar to that of Paris, France. The city was built under the direction of Captain Ene Garcez, the first governor of Roraima."
"Bochum (German pronunciation: [ˈboːxʊm]; Westphalian: Baukem) is a city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and part of the Arnsberg region. It is located in the Ruhr area and is surrounded by the cities  (in clockwise direction) of Herne, Castrop-Rauxel, Dortmund, Witten, Hattingen, Essen and Gelsenkirchen. With a population of nearly 365,000, it is the 16th most populous city in Germany."
"Bogale (Burmese: ဘိုကလေးမြို့ [bòɡəlé mjo̰n]; also spelled Bogalay) is a small city located in the Bogale Township, Ayeyarwady Region, Myanmar (Burma).  It is located on the southwestern part of Myanmar/Burma on the mainland section of the country. It can be reached by both water transportation and by land."
"Bogor (Indonesian: Kota Bogor, Dutch: Buitenzorg) is a city on the island of Java in the West Java province of Indonesia. The city is located in the center of the Bogor Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Bogor), 60 kilometers (37 mi) south of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, although it is administratively independent from that regency.  Bogor is the 6th largest city of Jabodetabek (the Jakarta metropolitan region) and the 14th nationwide, with a population having passed 1 million; it is an important economic, scientific, cultural and tourist center, as well as a mountain resort.In the Middle Ages, the city was the capital of Sunda Kingdom (Indonesian: Kerajaan Sunda) and was called Pakuan Pajajaran. During the Dutch colonial era, it was named Buitenzorg and served as the summer residence of the Governor-General of Dutch East Indies. The city was the administrative center of the Netherlands East Indies during the brief British control in the early 19th century.With several hundred thousand people living on an area of about 20 km2 (7.7 sq mi), the central part of Bogor is one of the world's most densely populated areas. The city has a presidential palace and a botanical garden (Indonesian: Kebun Raya Bogor) – one of the oldest and largest in the world. It bears the nickname ""the Rain City"" (Kota Hujan), because of frequent rain showers.  It nearly always rains even during the dry season."
"Bolgatanga, colloquially known as Bolga, is a town and the capital of the Bolgatanga Municipal District and Upper East Region of north Ghana. Bolgatanga has a 2012 settlement population of 66,685 people. Bolgatanga is 161 km (about 100 miles) to the north of Tamale.  Bolgatanga lies in the Red Volta River Valley (which serves as a major migration route of elephants), with the White Volta River and the cliffs of the Gambaga Escarpment to the south of the town forming the southern boundary of the Upper East region."
"Bologna (/bəˈloʊnjə/; Italian pronunciation: [boˈloɲɲa] (13px ); Emilian: Bulåggna pronounced [buˈləɲɲa]; Latin: Bononia) is the largest city (and the capital) of the Emilia-Romagna Region in Italy. It is the seventh most populous city in Italy, located in the heart of a metropolitan area (officially recognized by the Italian government as a città metropolitana) of about one million.The first settlements date back to at least 1000 BC. The city has been an urban centre, first under the Etruscans (Velzna/Felsina) and the Celts (Bona), then under the Romans (Bononia), then again in the Middle Ages, as a free municipality (for one century it was the fifth largest European city based on population). Home to the oldest university in the world,University of Bologna, founded in 1088, Bologna hosts thousands of students who enrich the social and cultural life of the city. Famous for its towers and lengthy porticoes, Bologna has a well-preserved historical centre (one of the largest in Italy) thanks to a careful restoration and conservation policy which began at the end of the 1970s, on the heels of serious damage done by the urban demolition at the end of the 19th century as well as that caused by wars.An important cultural and artistic centre, its importance in terms of landmarks can be attributed to homogenous mixture of monuments and architectural examples (medieval towers, antique buildings, churches, the layout of its historical centre) as well as works of art which are the result of a first class architectural and artistic history. Bologna is also an important transportation crossroad for the roads and trains of Northern Italy, where many important mechanical, electronic and nutritional industries have their headquarters. According to the most recent data gathered by the European Regional Economic Growth Index (E-REGI) of 2009, Bologna is the first Italian city and the 47th European city in terms of its economic growth rate.Bologna is home to prestigious cultural, economic and political institutions as well as one of the most impressive trade fair districts in Europe. In 2000 it was declared European capital of culture and in 2006, a UNESCO “city of music”. The city of Bologna was selected to participate in the Universal Exposition of Shanghai 2010 together with 45 other cities from around the world.Bologna is also one of the wealthiest cities in Italy, often ranking as one of the top cities in terms of quality of life in the country: in 2011 it ranked 1st out of 107 Italian cities."
"Bonn (German pronunciation: [ˈbɔn]), officially the Federal City of Bonn, is a city on the banks of the Rhine in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, with a population of 311,287 within its administrative limits. The city is the second official residence of the President of Germany, the Chancellor of Germany, the Bundesrat, and the first official seat of six German federal ministries. Bonn is located in the southernmost part of the Rhine-Ruhr region, the largest metropolitan area of Germany, with over 11 million inhabitants.Founded in the first century BC as a Roman settlement, Bonn is one of Germany's oldest cities. From 1597 to 1794, Bonn was the capital of the Electorate of Cologne and residence of the Archbishops and Prince-electors of Cologne. In 1949, the Parliamentary Council drafted and adopted the German constitution, the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany in Bonn. Though Berlin was symbolically named the de jure capital, from 1949 to 1990, Bonn was the de facto capital of West Germany. After the Fall of the Iron Curtain, Bonn remained the seat of government of united Germany from 1990 to 1999. In recognition of this, the former capital holds the one-of-a-kind title of Federal City (Bundesstadt).The two DAX-listed corporations Deutsche Post DHL and Deutsche Telekom are headquartered in Bonn. Besides, the city is known as the location of 19 United Nations institutions and the University of Bonn. Bonn is the birthplace of Ludwig van Beethoven (born 1770)."
"Bopolu is the capital city of Gbarpolu County, Liberia, and is located 100 kilometers north of Monrovia. As of the 2008 census, Bopolu has a population of 2908. Of this, 1547 were male and 1361 female.Bopolu was once the center of the Kondo Confederation, which included the Dei, Gola, Lorma, and Vai tribes. The area surrounding Bopolu reached its height of prominence under King Bosan. Traders sent slaves, ivory, gold, and camwood were to the Vai and Dei tribes in exchange for salt, tobacco, guns, and European cloth.Cultivation of rice and cassava is now Bopolu's main economic activity."
"Bor (Arabic: بور‎ ""port"") is the capital of Jonglei State in the Republic of South Sudan."
"Bratislava (/ˌbrætɨˈslɑːvə/ or /ˌbrɑːtɨˈslɑːvə/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislava] (13px ); formerly Slovak Prešporok; German: Pressburg or Preßburg; Latin: Posonium; Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia and, with a population of about 500,000, the country's largest city. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two independent countries.Bratislava is the political, cultural and economic centre of Slovakia. It is the seat of the Slovak president, the parliament and the Slovak Executive. It is home to several universities, museums, theatres, galleries and other important cultural and educational institutions. Many of Slovakia's large businesses and financial institutions also have headquarters there.The history of the city has been strongly influenced by people of different nations and religions, namely by Austrians, Czechs, Germans, Hungarians, Jews, Serbs and Slovaks (in alphabetical order). The city was the capital of the Kingdom of Hungary, a part of the larger Habsburg Monarchy territories, from 1536 to 1783 and has been home to many Slovak, Hungarian and German historical figures."
"Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and is located on the Congo River. As of the 2007 census, it has a population of 1,373,382 in the city proper, and about 2 million in total when including the suburbs located in the Pool Region. The populous city of Kinshasa (more than 10 million inhabitants in 2009), capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, lies just across the Congo River from Brazzaville. Together with Kinshasa, the combined conurbation of Kinshasa-Brazzaville has thus nearly 12 million inhabitants (although significant political and infrastructure challenges prevent the two cities from functioning with any meaningful connection). Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in the capital, and it is home to 40% of non-agricultural employment. It is also a financial and administrative capital."
"Brussels (French: Bruxelles, [bʁysɛl] (13px ); Dutch: Brussel, [ˈbrʏsəl] (13px )), officially the Brussels-Capital Region (French: Région de Bruxelles-Capitale, Dutch: Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest), is the capital and largest city of Belgium and the de facto capital of the European Union (EU). It is also the largest urban area in Belgium, comprising 19 municipalities, including the municipality of the City of Brussels, which de jure is the capital of Belgium, in addition to the seat of the French Community of Belgium and of the Flemish Community.Brussels has grown from a 10th-century fortress town founded by a descendant of Charlemagne to a sizeable city. The city has a population of 1.2 million and a metropolitan area with a population of over 1.8 million, both of them the largest in Belgium.Since the end of the Second World War, Brussels has been a major centre for international politics. Hosting principal EU institutions, the secretariat of the Benelux and the headquarters of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the city has become the polyglot home of numerous international organisations, politicians, diplomats and civil servants.Brussels is just a few miles north of the boundary between Belgium's language communities—French in the south, Dutch in the North.  Historically a Dutch-speaking city, it has seen a major shift to French since Belgian independence in 1830. Today, although the majority language is French, the city is officially bilingual. All road signs, street names, and many advertisements and services are shown in both languages. Brussels is increasingly becoming multilingual with increasing numbers of migrants, expatriates and minority groups speaking their own languages."
"Buchanan is the third largest city in Liberia, lying on Waterhouse Bay, part of the Atlantic Ocean. It is referred to as Gbezohn in the local Bassa language. As of the 2008 census, Buchanan has a population of 34,270. Of this, 16,984 were male and 17,286 female.Named for Thomas Buchanan, cousin of U.S. president James Buchanan and first governor of Liberia, it is also the capital of Grand Bassa County and lies 70 miles (110 km) southeast of Monrovia, near the mouth of the Saint John River.  The town was popular with refugees during the Liberian Civil War as it largely escaped the fighting.  Fishing is an important industry in the town. The town also has isolated beaches and lagoons."
"Bucharest (/ˈbuːkərɛst/; Romanian: București, pronounced [bukuˈreʃtʲ]) is the capital municipality, cultural, industrial, and financial centre of Romania. It is the largest city in Romania and a primate city, located in the southeast of the country, at 44°25′57″N 26°06′14″E, lies on the banks of the Dâmbovița River, less than 70 km (43.5 mi) north of the Danube River.Bucharest was first mentioned in documents in 1459. It became the capital of Romania in 1862 and is the centre of Romanian media, culture and art. Its architecture is a mix of historical (neo-classical), interbellum (Bauhaus and art deco), communist-era and modern. In the period between the two World Wars, the city's elegant architecture and the sophistication of its elite earned Bucharest the nickname of ""Little Paris"" (Micul Paris). Although buildings and districts in the historic city centre were heavily damaged or destroyed by war, earthquakes, and above all Nicolae Ceauşescu's program of systematization, many survived. In recent years, the city has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom.According to 2011 census, 1,883,425 inhabitants live within the city limits, a decrease from the figure recorded at the 2002 census. The urban area extends beyond the limits of Bucharest proper and has a population of about 1.9 million people. Adding the satellite towns around the urban area, the proposed metropolitan area of Bucharest would have a population of 2.27 million people. According to Eurostat, Bucharest has a larger urban zone of 2,151,880 residents. According to unofficial data, the population is more than 3 million. Bucharest is the 6th largest city in the European Union by population within city limits, after London, Berlin, Madrid, Rome, and Paris.Economically, Bucharest is the most prosperous city in Romania and is one of the main industrial centres and transportation hubs of Eastern Europe. The city has big convention facilities, educational institutes, cultural venues, traditional ""shopping arcades"" and recreational areas.The city proper is administratively known as the ""Municipality of Bucharest"" (Municipiul București), and has the same administrative level as that of a national county, being further subdivided into six sectors, each governed by a local mayor."
"Budalin is a town in Budalin Township, Monywa District, Sagaing Division in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Budalin Township. The town is connected by road and rail to Monywa, Dabayin, Kin-U and Ye-U, with a bridge over the Mu River."
"Budapest /ˈbuːdəpɛst/ (About this sound  ; names in other languages) is the capital and the largest city of Hungary, and one of the largest cities in the European Union. It is the country's principal political, cultural, commercial, industrial, and transportation centre, sometimes described as the primate city of Hungary. In 2011, according to the census, Budapest had 1.74 million inhabitants, down from its 1989 peak of 2.1 million due to suburbanisation. The Budapest Metropolitan Area is home to 3.3 million people. The city covers an area of 525 square kilometres (202.7 sq mi) within the city limits. Budapest became a single city occupying both banks of the river Danube with its unification on 17 November 1873 of Buda and Óbuda, on the west bank, with Pest, on the east bank.The history of Budapest began with Aquincum, originally a Celtic settlement that became the Roman capital of Pannonia Inferior. Hungarians arrived in the territory in the 9th century. Their first settlement was pillaged by the Mongols in 1241–42. The re-established town became one of the centres of Renaissance humanist culture in the 15th century. Following the Battle of Mohács and nearly 150 years of Ottoman rule, the region entered a new age of prosperity in the 18th and 19th centuries, and Budapest became a global city after its unification in 1873. It also became the second capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a great power that dissolved in 1918, following World War I. Budapest was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, the Hungarian Republic of Councils of 1919, Operation Panzerfaust in 1944, the Battle of Budapest in 1945, and the Revolution of 1956.Cited as one of the most beautiful cities in Europe, Budapest's extensive World Heritage Site includes the banks of the Danube, the Buda Castle Quarter, Andrássy Avenue, Heroes' Square and the Millennium Underground Railway, the second-oldest metro line in the world. It has around 80 geothermal springs, the world's largest thermal water cave system, second largest synagogue, and third largest Parliament building. The city attracts about 4.3 million tourists a year, the 25th most popular city in the world, and the 6th in Europe, according to Euromonitor.Considered a financial hub in Central Europe, the city ranked 3rd on Mastercard's Emerging Markets Index, and ranked as the most liveable Central or Eastern European city on EIU's quality of life index. It is also ranked as ""the world's second best city"" by Condé Nast Traveler, ""Europe's 7th most idyllic place to live"" by Forbes, and as the 9th most beautiful city in the world by UCityGuides. It is the highest ranked Central/Eastern European city on Innovation Cities' Top 100 index.Budapest is home to the headquarters of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT), and the first foreign office of the China Investment Promotion Agency (CIPA). Eighteen universities are situated in Budapest, including the Central European University, Eötvös Loránd University and the Budapest University of Technology and Economics."
"Buenos Aires (/ˈbweɪnəs ˈɛəriːz/ or /ˈaɪrɪs/, Spanish: [ˈbwenos ˈaiɾes]) is the capital and largest city of Argentina, and the second-largest metropolitan area in South America, after Greater São Paulo. It is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata, on the continent's southeastern coast. The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation, which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts, constitutes the third-largest conurbation in Latin America, with a population of around fifteen and a half million.The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district.  In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires (Autonomous City of Buenos Aires). Its citizens first elected a Chief of Government (i.e. Mayor) in 1996; before, the Mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.Buenos Aires is, along with Mexico City and São Paulo, one of the three Latin American cities considered an 'alpha city' by the study GaWC5. Buenos Aires, Argentina has the third best quality of life of Latin American cities. Buenos Aires' quality of life is ranked 81st in the world, with its per capita income among the three highest in the region. It is the most visited city in South America (ahead of Rio de Janeiro) and the second most visited city across Spanish Latin America (behind Mexico City). It is also one of the most important, largest and most populous of South American capitals, often referred to as the Paris of South America.Buenos Aires is a top tourist destination, and is known for its European-style architecture and rich cultural life, with the highest concentration of theaters in the world. Buenos Aires held the 1st Pan American Games in 1951 as well as hosting two venues in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. Buenos Aires will host the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics.People from Buenos Aires are referred to as porteños (people of the port). The city is the birthplace of the current pope, Francis (former Archbishop of Buenos Aires), and Queen Máxima of the Netherlands."
"Bujumbura (/ˌbuːdʒəmˈbʊərə/; French pronunciation: ​[buʒumbuʁa]) is the capital, largest city, and main port of Burundi. It ships most of the country's chief export, coffee, as well as cotton, skins, and tin ore. It is on the northeastern shore of Lake Tanganyika, the second deepest lake in the world after Lake Baikal."
"Bukoba is a town in northwest Tanzania on the western shore of Lake Victoria. It is the capital of the Kagera region, and the administrative seat for Bukoba Urban District. Population estimate: 100,000.  The city is served by Bukoba Airport and regular ferry connections to Mwanza, as well as ground transport to Uganda's Rakai District."
"Bushehr or Bushire About this sound pronunciation  [buːˈʃeɾ] (Persian: بوشهر‎; also Romanized as Būshehr, Bouchehr, Buschir, and Busehr; also Bandar Bushehr (Persian: بندر بوشهر‎), also Romanized as Bandar Būshehr and Bandar-e Būshehr; previously known as Ram Ardashir Antiochia in Persis (Greek: Αντιόχεια της Περσίδος) and Bukht Ardashir is the capital city of Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 161,674, in 40,771 families.Bushehr lies in a vast plain running along the coastal region on the Persian Gulf coast of southwestern Iran.  It was the chief seaport of the country and is the administrative centre of its province.  Its location is about 1,218 kilometres (757 mi) south of Tehran. The local climate is humid.Bushehr was the main trade center of Iran in the past centuries. The city structures are traditional in style, modest in proportion and cost. Due to its lack of rail connection to the interior of the country and its shallow anchorage, it has lost its position as the primary port of Iran."
"Cabanatuan, officially the City of Cabanatuan (Filipino: Lungsod ng Cabanatuan; Ilokano: Ciudad ti Cabanatuan; Kapampangan: Lakanbalen ning Cabanatuan), is a city in the province of Nueva Ecija, Philippines. It is the largest city in Nueva Ecija, and 5th in Central Luzon with a population of 272,676 in 2010.The city is popular for being home to more than 30,000 tricycles. It prides itself as the ""Tricycle Capital of the Philippines"" and its strategic location along the Cagayan Valley Road has made the city a major economic, educational, medical, entertainment and transportation center in Nueva Ecija and nearby provinces in the region such as Aurora and Bulacan. It has earned the moniker ""Gateway to the North"".Cabanatuan remained as Nueva Ecija's capital until 1965 when the government created Palayan City as the new provincial capital. Nueva Ecija's old capitol and other government offices are still used and maintained by the provincial administration."
"Cabinda (local name: Tchiowa) is a city located in the Cabinda Province, an exclave of Angola. Angolan sovereignty over Cabinda is disputed by the secessionist Republic of Cabinda. The municipality of Cabinda contained 357,576 inhabitants in 2008. The residents of the city are known as Cabindas or Fiotes. Cabinda, due to its proximity to rich oil reserves, serves as one of Angola's main oil ports."
"Cairo (/ˈkaɪroʊ/ KYE-roh ; Arabic: القاهرة‎) is the capital of Egypt and the largest city in the Middle-East and second-largest in Africa after Lagos. Its metropolitan area is the 16th largest in the world. Located near the Nile Delta, it was founded in AD 969. Nicknamed ""the city of a thousand minarets"" for its preponderance of Islamic architecture, Cairo has long been a center of the region's political and cultural life. Cairo was founded by Jawhar al-Siqilli ""The Sicilian"",among the Fatimid dynasty in the 10th century CE, but the land composing the present-day city was the site of national capitals whose remnants remain visible in parts of Old Cairo. Cairo is also associated with Ancient Egypt as it is close to the ancient cities of Memphis, Giza and Fustat which are near the Great Sphinx and the pyramids of Giza.Egyptians today often refer to Cairo as Maṣr ([mɑsˤɾ], مصر), the Egyptian Arabic pronunciation of the name for Egypt itself, emphasizing the city's continued role in Egyptian influence. Its official name is القاهرة al-Qāhirah , means literally: ""the Defeater"", in reference to the fact that the planet Mars (""Al Najm Al Qahir"") was rising at the time when the city was founded as well as, ""the Vanquisher""; ""the Conqueror""; Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [elqɑ(ː)ˈheɾɑ], ""the Defeater"" or, "" ""the Victorious"" (al-Qahira) in reference to the much awaited Caliph al-Mu'izz li Din Allah who arrived from the old Fatimid capital of Mahdia in 973 to the city. The Egyptian name for Cairo is said to be: Khere-Ohe, meaning: ""The Place of Combat"", supposedly, in reference to a battle which took place between the Gods Seth and Horus. Sometimes the city is informally also referred to as كايرو Kayro [ˈkæjɾo]. It is also called Umm al-Dunya, meaning ""the mother of the world"".Cairo has the oldest and largest film and music industries in the Arab world, as well as the world's second-oldest institution of higher learning, al-Azhar University. Many international media, businesses, and organizations have regional headquarters in the city; the Arab League has had its headquarters in Cairo for most of its existence.With a population of 6.76 million spread over 453 square kilometers (175 sq mi), Cairo is by far the largest city in Egypt. With an additional 10 million inhabitants just outside the city, Cairo resides at the center of the largest metropolitan area in Africa and the Arab World as well as the tenth-largest urban area in the world. Cairo, like many other mega-cities, suffers from high levels of pollution and traffic. Cairo's metro, one of only two metros on the African continent, ranks among the fifteen busiest in the world, with over 1 billion annual passenger rides. The economy of Cairo was ranked first in the Middle East and 43rd globally by Foreign Policy's 2010 Global Cities Index."
"Calabar (also referred to as 'Canaan City') is a city in Cross River State, coastal southeastern Nigeria. The original name for Calabar was Akwa Akpa, from the Efik language.The city is watered by the Calabar and Great Kwa Rivers and creeks of the Cross River (from its inland delta).Calabar is the capital of Cross River State. For the purpose of administration, the city is divided into Calabar Municipal and Calabar South LGAs. It has an area of 406 km² and a population of 371,022 at the 2006 census."
"Santiago de Cali (Spanish pronunciation: [sanˈtjaɣo ðe ˈkali]), usually known by its short name ""Cali"", is the capital of the Valle del Cauca department, and the most populous city in western Colombia with an estimated 2,319,655 residents according to 2005-2020/DANE population projections. The city spreads out across 560,3 km2 and 120,9 km2 of urban area, surpassing Medellín (376.21 km² and 102.10 km² of urban area) making Cali the second largest city by area in the country, behind Bogotá. As the only major Colombian city with access to the Pacific coast it is the main urban, and economic centre in western Colombia, making the city one of the fastest growing economies in the country and the cultural capital of Salsa music. It was founded on 25 July 1536 by the Spanish conquistador Sebastián de Belalcázar.It is the main sports center of Colombia, being the only Colombian city to have hosted the Pan American Games (in 1971), the 1992 World Wrestling Championships, ninth edition of the World Games in 2013. It hosted the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in 2014, and will host the World Youth Championships in Athletics in 2015."
"Cam Ranh (About this sound listen) is a city in southern Khánh Hòa Province, in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam."
"San Francisco de Campeche (pronounced: [san fɾanˈsisko de kamˈpetʃe]) (Ahk'ìin Pech - /aχkʼiːn˥˧ pʰetʃ/ in Yucatec Maya) is a city in one of the 11 municipalities (also named Campeche) in the state of Campeche —located at 19.85°N 90.53°W﻿ / 19.85; -90.53,on the shore of the Bay of Campeche of the Gulf of Mexico— and its municipal seat also serves as the state's capital city. The city's population at the 2010 census was 220,389, and the municipality for which it serves as municipal seat had a population of 259,005.The city was founded in 1540 by Spanish conquistadores as San Francisco de Campeche atop the pre-existing Maya city of Canpech or Kimpech. The Pre-Columbian city was described as having 3,000 houses and various monuments, of which little trace remains. The city retains many of the old colonial Spanish city walls and fortifications which protected the city (not always successfully) from pirates and buccaneers. The state of preservation and quality of its architecture earned it the status of a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1999. Originally, the Spaniards lived inside the walled city, while the natives lived in the surrounding barrios of San Francisco, Guadalupe and San Román. These barrios still retain their original churches; the one in Guadalupe is almost 500 years old."
"Campo Grande (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈkɐ̃pu ˈɡɾɐ̃dʒi], Great Field) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso do Sul in the Center-West region of the country. The city is nicknamed Cidade Morena (""Swarthy City"" in Portuguese) because of the reddish-brown colour of the region's soil. It has a population of 796,252, according to a 2011 IBGE estimate, while its metropolitan area is home to 991,420 people (2010).The region where the city is located was in the past a waypoint for travellers who wanted to go from São Paulo or Minas Gerais to northern Mato Grosso by land. In the early 1900s a railway was completed connecting Campo Grande to Corumbá, on the Bolivian border, and to Bauru, São Paulo. Also in the beginning of the 20th century, the Western Brazilian Army Headquarters was established in Campo Grande, making it an important military center.With a population growth from 140,000 people in 1970 to 750,000 people in 2008, Campo Grande is the third largest urban center of the Center-West region, and the 23rd largest city in the country. In 1977, the State of Mato Grosso was split into two, and Campo Grande became the capital of the new state of Mato Grosso do Sul, comprising the southern portion of the former state. By that time, Campo Grande had long surpassed the latter's capital city of Cuiabá in population, which is unusual in Brazil, where most capitals are also the states' largest cities.Today, the city has its own culture, which is a mixture of several ethnic groups, most notably immigrants from the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, Middle Easterners, Armenians, Portuguese people, Germans, Italians, Spaniards, and Paraguayans, finally mixed with Asian and White Brazilians from the Brazilian Southern and Southeast regions, its native Amerindian peoples and Afro-Brazilians."
"Cape Coast, or Cabo Corso, is a city and fishing port, and the capital of Cape Coast Metropolitan District and Central Region of south Ghana. Cape Coast is situated on its south to the Gulf of Guinea. Cape Coast had a settlement population of 169,894 people (2010 census). From the 16th century until Ghanaian independence, the city and fishing port changed hands between the British, the Portuguese, the Swedish, the Danish and the Dutch."
"Caracas (Spanish pronunciation: [kaˈɾakas]), officially Santiago de León de Caracas, is the capital, the center of the Greater Caracas Area, and the largest city of Venezuela. Caracas is located in the northern part of the country, following the contours of the narrow Caracas Valley on the Venezuelan coastal mountain range (Cordillera de la Costa). Terrain suitable for building lies between 760 and 910 m (2,490 and 2,990 ft) above sea level. The valley is close to the Caribbean Sea, separated from the coast by a steep 2,200 m (7,200 ft) high mountain range, Cerro El Ávila; to the south there are more hills and mountains.The Metropolitan District of Caracas is made up of five municipalities: Libertador Municipality which is the only administrative division of the Venezuelan Capital District, and four other municipalities, which are within in Miranda State: Chacao, Baruta, Sucre, and El Hatillo. Libertador holds many of the government buildings and is the Capital District (Distrito Capital). The Distrito Capital had a population of 2,013,366 as of 2011, while the Metropolitan District of Caracas was estimated at 3,273,863 as of (2013). The Metropolitan Region of Caracas have an estimated population of 5,243,301.Businesses that are located here include service companies, banks, and malls, among others. It has a largely service-based economy, apart from some industrial activity in its metropolitan area. The Caracas Stock Exchange and Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) are headquartered here. The PDVSA is the largest company in Venezuela. Caracas is also Venezuela's cultural capital, with many restaurants, theaters, museums, and shopping centers."
"Cardiff (/ˈkɑrdɪf/; Welsh: Caerdydd  [kairˈdiːð, kaˑɨrˈdɨːð]) is the capital and largest city in Wales and the tenth largest city in the United Kingdom.  The city is the country's chief commercial centre, the base for most national cultural and sporting institutions, the Welsh national media, and the seat of the National Assembly for Wales. The unitary authority area's mid-2011 population was estimated to be 346,100, while the population of the Larger Urban Zone was estimated at 861,400 in 2009. Cardiff is a significant tourist centre and the most popular visitor destination in Wales with 18.3 million visitors in 2010. In 2011, Cardiff was ranked sixth in the world in National Geographic's alternative tourist destinations.The city of Cardiff is the county town of the historic county of Glamorgan (and later South Glamorgan). Cardiff is part of the Eurocities network of the largest European cities. The Cardiff Urban Area covers a slightly larger area outside the county boundary, and includes the towns of Dinas Powys and Penarth. A small town until the early 19th century, its prominence as a major port for the transport of coal following the arrival of industry in the region contributed to its rise as a major city.Cardiff was made a city in 1905, and proclaimed the capital of Wales in 1955. Since the 1990s, Cardiff has seen significant development. A new waterfront area at Cardiff Bay contains the Senedd building, home to the Welsh Assembly and the Wales Millennium Centre arts complex. Current developments include the continuation of the redevelopment of the Cardiff Bay and city centre areas with projects such as the Cardiff International Sports Village, a BBC drama village, and a new business district in the city centre.Sporting venues in the city include the Millennium Stadium (the national stadium for the Wales national rugby union team and the Wales national football team), SWALEC Stadium (the home of Glamorgan County Cricket Club), Cardiff City Stadium (the home of Cardiff City football team), Cardiff International Sports Stadium (the home of Cardiff Amateur Athletic Club) and Cardiff Arms Park (the home of Cardiff Blues and Cardiff RFC rugby union teams). The city is also HQ of the Wales Rally GB and was awarded with the European City of Sport in 2009 due to its role in hosting major international sporting events. It has been announced that Cardiff will again be the European City of Sport in 2014. The Millennium Stadium hosted 11 football matches as part of the 2012 Summer Olympics, including the games' opening event and the men's bronze medal match."
"Castries /ˈkæstriːz/, population 20,000, aggl. 53,639 (2013-05-12), is the capital and largest city of Saint Lucia, a country in the Caribbean. The quarter with the same name had a population of 70,000 on 22 May 2013 and stretches over an area of 30.5 square miles (79 km2).Castries is in a flood gut and is built on reclaimed land. It houses the seat of government and the head offices of many of foreign and local businesses. The city's design is in a grid pattern similar to a metropolitan city like New York but on a much smaller scale. Its sheltered harbour receives cargo vessels, ferry boats, and cruise ships. It houses duty-free shopping facilities such as Point Seraphine and La Place Carinage. Many restaurants offer menus from local to Chinese. Supermarkets and other shopping facilities provide goods. The city is well served by a bus system and taxi service.St Lucia's main post office is in Castries. Because most parts of the country do not use standard street addresses, mail is largely sent to P.O. boxes. Any mail sent without a town name ends up in the Castries post office.Castries is the birthplace of Arthur Lewis, winner of the 1979 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics."
"Caxito  is a town and commune and capital of Bengo Province, Angola.The northern line of Angolan Railways passes through."
"Cebu City, officially the City of Cebu (Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Sugbo, Filipino: Lungsod ng Cebu, Spanish: Ciudad de Cebú), is the capital city of the province of [[{{#property:P131}}]] and is the ""second city"" of the Philippines, being the center of Metro Cebu, the second most populous metropolitan area in the Philippines after Metro Manila. According to the  , it has a population of {{#property:P1082}} – making it the fifth most populated city in the country. Cebu City is a significant center of commerce, trade and education in the Visayas area. The City of Cebu is also known as the ""Queen City of the South.""The city is located on the eastern shore of Cebu island. It is the first Spanish settlement and the oldest city in the Philippines. Cebu is the Philippines' main domestic shipping port and is home to about 80% of the country's domestic shipping companies.It is the center of a metropolitan area called Metro Cebu, which includes the cities of Carcar, Danao, Lapu-lapu, Mandaue, Naga, Talisay and the municipalities of Compostela, Consolacion, Cordova, Liloan, Minglanilla and San Fernando . Metro Cebu has a total population of about 2.55 million people (2010 Census). Cebu City is bordered to the northeast by Mandaue City and the town of Consolacion, to the west are Toledo City, and the towns of Balamban and Asturias, to the south are Talisay City and the town of Minglanilla. Across Mactan Strait to the east is Mactan Island."
"Cetinje (Montenegrin: Cetinje, Цетиње; (pronounced [ t͡sětiɲe]) is a city and Old Royal Capital of Montenegro. It is also a historical and the secondary capital of Montenegro (Приjестоница / Prijestonica), with the official residence of the President of Montenegro. It had a population of 13,991 as of 2011.It is the centre of Cetinje Municipality (population 16,757 in 2011). The city nestles on a small karst plain surrounded by limestone mountains, including Mt. Lovćen, the Black Mountain from which Montenegro gets its name.Cetinje is a town of immense historical heritage, founded in the 15th century. It became the center of Montenegrin life and both a cradle of Montenegrin culture and an Orthodox religious center. It is because of its heritage as a long-term Montenegrin capital that it is today the honorary capital of Montenegro."
"Chamchamal (Kurdish: Çemçemall چه‌مچه‌ماڵ, Arabic جمجمال, ) is a Kurdish city located to the east of Kirkuk and west of Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan. It is a 30 minutes drive from Kirkuk and a 40 minutes drive from Sulaymaniyah. The land is rich and it is famous for its oil and especially gas wells.There is a castle in the center of the city they called "" SPI hasar""."
"Chandigarh is a city and a union territory in the northern part of India that serves as the capital of the states of Haryana and Punjab. As a union territory, the city is ruled directly by the Union Government of India and is not part of either state. The city of Chandigarh was the first planned city in India post-independence in 1947 and was known internationally for its architecture and urban design. The master plan of the city was prepared by Le Corbusier, transformed from an earlier plan by the American planner Albert Mayer. Most of the government buildings and housing in the city, however, is designed by the Chandigarh Capital Project Team headed by Pierre Jeanneret, Jane Drew and Maxwell Fry.The city experiences extreme climate and uneven distribution of rainfall. The roads in Chandigarh are surrounded by trees and it has the third highest forest cover in India at 8.51% followed by Lakshwadeep and Goa.The city tops the list of Indian States and Union Territories by per capita income in the country. The city was reported to be the cleanest in India in 2010, based on a national government study, and the territory also headed the list of Indian states and territories according to Human Development Index. The metropolitan of Chandigarh-Mohali-Panchkula collectively forms a Tri-city. This is the first smoke-free city in India."
"Changchun is the capital and largest city of Jilin province, located in the northeast of the People's Republic of China, in the center of the Songliao Plain. It is administered as a sub-provincial city including counties and county-level cities, with a population of 7,674,439 at the 2010 census under its jurisdiction. The city's built-up (or metro) area, including 5 districts and 4 development areas, had a population of 3,815,270 in 2010 as Shuangyang district is not conurbated yet.The name, which means ""Long Spring"", originated from the Jurchen language. Known as China's Automobile City, Changchun is an important industrial base with a particular focus on the automotive sector. Apart from this industrial aspect, Changchun is also one of four ""National Garden Cities"" awarded by the Ministry of Construction of P.R. China in 2001 due to its high urban greening rate."
"Changsha (simplified Chinese: 长沙; traditional Chinese: 長沙; pinyin: Chángshā) is the capital of Hunan Province in south-central China, located on the lower reaches of the Xiang River, a branch of the Yangtze River. Its municipality covers an area of 11,819 square kilometres (4,563 sq mi) and, according to the 2010 Census, a population of 7,044,118 inhabitants. The city's urban area has a population of 3,617,469.Changsha was important from the time of the Qin dynasty (221–207 BC). In AD 750–1100 Changsha was a major commercial hub, and its population increased greatly. Under the Qing dynasty, from 1664, it was the capital of Hunan province, and it was a major rice market. It was besieged during the Taiping Rebellion but never fell. Changsha was the site of Mao Zedong's conversion to communism. It was the scene of major battles in the Sino-Japanese War of 1937–45 and was briefly occupied by the Japanese. Rebuilt since 1949, the city is now a major interior port and a commercial and industrial center."
"Chania (Greek: Χανιά, [xaˈɲa], Venetian: Canea, Ottoman Turkish: خانيه Hanya) is the second largest city of Crete and the capital of the Chania regional unit. It lies along the north coast of the island, about 70 km (43 mi) west of Rethymno and 145 km (90 mi) west of Heraklion.The official population of the municipal unit (the former municipality) is 53,910, while the municipality has 108,642 (2011) inhabitants.  This consists of the city of Chania and several other towns and villages, including Kounoupidiana (pop. 8,620), Mournies (pop. 7,614), Souda (pop. 6,418), Nerokouros (pop. 5,531), Daratsos (pop. 4,732), Perivolia (pop. 3,986), Galatas (pop. 3,166) and Aroni (pop. 3,003)."
"Charleston is the oldest and second-largest city in the State of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city lies just south of the geographical midpoint of South Carolina's coastline and is located on Charleston Harbor, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean formed by the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper rivers, or, as is locally expressed, ""where the Cooper and Ashley Rivers come together to form the Atlantic Ocean"".Founded in 1670 as Charles Towne in honor of King Charles II of England, Charleston adopted its present name in 1783. It moved to its present location on Oyster Point in 1680 from a location on the west bank of the Ashley River known as Albemarle Point. By 1690, Charles Towne was the fifth-largest city in North America, and it remained among the ten largest cities in the United States through the 1840 census. With a 2010 census population of 120,083  (and a 2013 estimate of 127,999), current trends put Charleston as the fastest-growing municipality in South Carolina. The population of the Charleston Metropolitan area, comprising Berkeley, Charleston and Dorchester counties, was counted by the 2013 estimate at 712,220 – the third largest in the state – and the 76th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States.Known for its rich history, well-preserved architecture, distinguished restaurants, and mannerly people, Charleston has received a large number of accolades, including ""America's Most Friendly [City]"" by Travel + Leisure in 2011 and in 2013 and 2014 by Condé Nast Traveler, and also ""the most polite and hospitable city in America"" by Southern Living magazine."
"Chauk (Burmese: ချောက်) is a town and river port in Magway Division, north-central Myanmar, on the Irrawaddy River. It is located across the river from Seikpyu and is connected by a bridge. In 1902, the Chauk-Lonywa oil field was discovered near Chauk."
"Chaung-U (Burmese: ချောင်းဦးမြို့) is a town in central Myanmar. It is located in Monywa District, Sagaing Division. It is the principal town of Chaung-U township. In the Bagan dynasty, when King Popa Saw Rahan (also known as King Taungthugyi) governed the country, it was named ""San Tauk Village"". It was a large village where different natives of the Union of Myanmar, like Kayin, Shan and Lawah (Wah) natives, lived happily together. Then, King Kyansit founded the city, gathering ten villages together, for example, Ywa Thit and Ywa Ma, naming it Chaung Oo (or Chaung-U). It is situated 231.46 feet (70.55 m) above sea level at north latitude 22° 45' and east longitude 95° 8' to 95° 25'. The Monywa–Mandalay highway road passes it, so the communication to it is good, quick and easy. The Monywa–Mandalay railway meets that of Chaung-U–Pakokku in the town's station, so you can get there by train. Its official township boundary touches the boundaries of other townships: Myinmu is in the east, Myaung is in the south and south-east, Salingyi is in the west, and Monywa is in the north. The Chindwin River is in the west of the township and the town is six miles away from the river. In Chaung-U there are historical ancient pagodas. Besides, its township has other historical villages, streams, and hills."
"Chaungzon (Burmese: ချောင်းဆုံမြို့; Mon: ၜါသွာၚ်) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar."
"Chengdu, formerly romanized as Chengtu, is the provincial capital of Sichuan province in Southwest China, as well as a major city in Western China. It holds sub-provincial administrative status. The administrative area houses 14,047,625 inhabitants: 7,415,590 within the municipality's nine urban districts and 6,632,035 in the surrounding satellite towns and counties' urban, suburb and rural area. According to the 2010 census,  Chengdu is the fourth most populous city in China. Chengdu is one of the most important economic, finance, commerce, culture, transportation, and communication centers in Western China. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport is one of the top 50 busiest airports in the world, and Chengdu Railway Station is one of the six biggest train stations in China. According to the 2007 Public Appraisal for Best Chinese Cities for Investment, Chengdu was chosen as one of the top ten cities to invest in out of a total of 280 urban centers in China. Chengdu is also popular in international company and consulates.More than 250 Fortune 500 companies and 10 consulates have established branches in Chengdu due to huge demand of Western China. In 2006, it was named China's 4th-most livable city by China Daily.The fertile Chengdu Plain, on which Chengdu is located, is also known as the ""Country of Heaven"" (Chinese: 天府之国; pinyin: Tiānfǔzhiguó), a phrase also often translated as ""The Land of Abundance"". The discovery of the Jinsha site suggests the area of Chengdu had become the center of the bronze age Sanxingdui culture around the time of the establishment of the state of Shu, prior to its annexation by Qin in 316 BC."
"Chilpancingo de los Bravo (commonly shortened to Chilpancingo; Spanish pronunciation: [tʃilpanˈsiŋɡo] (13px )) is the capital and second-largest city of the state of Guerrero, Mexico. In 2010 it had a population of 187,251 people. The municipality has an area of 2,338.4 km2 (902.9 sq mi) in the south-central part of the state, situated in the Sierra Madre del Sur, on the bank of the Huacapa River. The city is on Mexican Federal Highway 95 which connects Acapulco to Mexico City. It is served by Chilpancingo National Airport, which is one of the five airports in the state."
"Chipata, population 98,416, is the capital of the Eastern Province of Zambia. Having a boma, a market, a hospital, a shopping centre and a number of schools, Chipata is the business and administrative hub that serves the region. The town boasts a golf course, an airstrip, a mosque, and even a ""welcome arch"".The town is the regional head of the Ngoni of Zambia.  As such, Ngoni is the primary language, although Nyanja and English are widely spoken, plus some Indian languages, as a large number of Zambian Indians live in the town.  Chipata is located near the border with Malawi, and lies on the Great East Road which connects the capitals Lilongwe (130 km) and Lusaka (550 km).  The town is a popular access point for the South Luangwa National Park."
"Chipwi (Burmese: ချီဖွေမြို့; also Chibwe) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar. It is the administrative centre for Chibwe Township, and is located beside the N'Mai River just below where Chibwe Creek enters it."
"Chyhyryn (Ukrainian: Чигирин) or Chigirin (Russian: Чигири́н), Polish: Czehryń, is a city and important historic site located in the Cherkasy Oblast of central Ukraine. From 1648 to 1669 the city was the Hetman capital of the Cossack Hetmanate and a traditional place for the appointment to the office of Hetman of Zaporizhian Host."
"Cianjur is a city in the West Java province of Indonesia, and is the capital of Cianjur Regency. The city of Cianjur is located along one of the main roads between Jakarta (120 km to the northwest) and Bandung (60 km to the east). The population is about 165,420.  Because of its location, some of Cianjur's residents commute to work either in Bandung or in Jakarta.The road on which Cianjur is located used to be the main (extremely busy) road from Jakarta to Bandung but was in effect replaced as the main road link between these two main cities when the Jakarta-Bandung tollroad was fully completed in 2005.Cianjur was founded in 1677, with the first head of the city being R.A Wiratanudatar I, entitled Dalem Cikundul, as the descendant from the old Sundanese kingdom of Pajajaran.The city mainly produces agricultural products, especially rice, and it has been known as the major source of rice production for the heavily populated Java island besides Karawang.More than 75 people were killed in the earthquake of 2 September 2009."
"Cimahi (Indonesian pronunciation: [tʃimahi]) is a city located west of Bandung, West Java, Indonesia in the Bandung Metropolitan Area.  The city is a major textile producer exporter, and is host to several military education facilities.It has an area of 48.42 km2 and 482,763 people in 2005, with a density of 9,970 people/km2.  For 2007 the population was 518,985.Under the colonial Dutch East Indies government Cimahi was the location of one of the region's main military sites."
"Cirebon (formerly referred to as Cheribon in English) is a port city on the north coast of the Indonesian island of Java. It is located in the province of West Java near the provincial border with Central Java, approximately 297 km east of Jakarta, at 6°43′S 108°34′E.  The urban core of Cirebon is very small in extent, however, its dense suburbs sprawl into the surrounding regency; the official metropolitan area encompasses this regency as well as the city, and covers an area of 1,025.82 km2, with a 2010 Census population of 2,366,340.The seat of a former Sultanate, the city's West and Central Java border location have seen its history influenced by both Sundanese and Javanese culture as well as Chinese."
"Coimbra (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈkwĩbɾɐ ]) is a city and a municipality in Portugal. The population at the 2011 census was 143,396, in an area of 319.40 square kilometres (123.3 sq mi) km².The third-largest urban centre in Portugal (after the much larger cities of Lisbon and Porto), it is the largest city of the district of Coimbra, the Centro region and the Baixo Mondego subregion. About 460,000 people live in the Região de Coimbra, comprising 19 municipalities and extending into an area 4,336 square kilometres (1,674 sq mi). Although it served as the nation's capital in the High Middle Ages, it is better known for the University of Coimbra, one of the oldest in Europe and the oldest academic institution in the Portuguese-speaking world.Among the many archaeological structures date back to the Roman era, when Coimbra was the settlement of Aeminium, are its well-preserved aqueduct and cryptoporticus. Similarly, buildings from the period when Coimbra was the capital of Portugal (from 1131 to 1255) still remain. During the Late Middle Ages, with its decline as the political centre of the Kingdom of Portugal, Coimbra began to evolve into a major cultural centre, helped by the university finally established there in 1537.  The university, one of the oldest in Europe, apart from attracting many European and international students, is visited by tourists for its monuments and history.The historical University buildings were classified as World Heritage by UNESCO in 2013: ""Coimbra offers an outstanding example of an integrated university city with a specific urban typology as well as its own ceremonial and cultural traditions that have been kept alive through the ages."""
"Colombo (Sinhala: කොළඹ, pronounced [ˈkəlɐmbɞ]; Tamil: கொழும்பு) is the commercial capital and largest city of Sri Lanka, with a population of 4.6 million metropolitan area, with 555,031 in the city limits, and a popular tourist destination. It is located on the west coast of the island and adjacent to Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, the legislative capital of Sri Lanka. Colombo is often referred to as the capital since Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte is within the urban area of, and a satellite city of, Colombo.  It is also the administrative capital of Western Province, Sri Lanka and the district capital of Colombo District. Colombo is a busy and vibrant place with a mixture of modern life and colonial buildings and ruins.  It was the legislative capital of Sri Lanka until 1982.Due to its large harbour and its strategic position along the East-West sea trade routes, Colombo was known to ancient traders 2,000 years ago. It was made the capital of the island when Sri Lanka was ceded to the British Empire in 1815, and its status as capital was retained when the nation became independent in 1948. In 1978, when administrative functions were moved to Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Colombo was designated as the commercial capital of Sri Lanka.Like many cities, Colombo's urban area extends well beyond the boundaries of a single local authority, encompassing other municipal and urban councils such as Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte Municipal Council, Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council, Kolonnawa Urban Council and Kotikawatte Mulleriyawa Pradeshiya Sabha. The main city is home to a majority of Sri Lanka's corporate offices, restaurants and entertainment venues. Famous landmarks in Colombo include the Galle Face Green, the Viharamahadevi Park, Mount Lavinia beach as well as the National Museum."
"Conakry (Sosso: Kɔnakiri) is the capital and largest city of Guinea. Conakry is a port city on the Atlantic Ocean and serves as the economic, financial and cultural centre of Guinea. Its population was estimated in 2009 at 1,667,864. Originally situated on Tombo Island, one of the Îles de Los, it has since spread up the neighboring Kaloum Peninsula.The current population of Conakry is difficult to ascertain, although the U.S. Bureau of African Affairs has estimated it at 2 million. Conakry is thought to contain almost a quarter of the population of Guinea."
"Copenhagen (IPA /ˈkoʊpənheɪɡən/; Danish: København  [kʰøb̥m̩ˈhɑʊ̯ˀn] (About this sound listen)) is the capital and most populated city of Denmark, with an urban population of 1,246,611 and a metropolitan population of 1,990,036 (as of 1 July 2014). It is situated on the eastern coast of Zealand, 42 km (26 mi) northwest of Malmö, Sweden and 164 km (102 mi) northeast of Odense. The city stretches across parts of the island of Amager and also contains the enclave of Frederiksberg, a municipality in its own right.Founded as a Viking fishing village in the 10th century, Copenhagen became the capital of Denmark in the early 15th century. During the 17th century, under the reign of Christian IV, it developed into an important regional centre, consolidating its position as capital of Denmark and Norway with its institutions, defences and armed forces. After suffering from the effects of plague and fire in the 18th century, the city underwent a period of redevelopment. This included construction of the prestigious district of Frederiksstaden and founding of such cultural institutions as the Royal Theatre and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts. After further disasters in the early 19th century when Nelson attacked the Danish fleet and bombarded the city, rebuilding during the Danish Golden Age brought a Neoclassical look to Copenhagen's architecture. Later, following the Second World War, the Finger Plan fostered the development of housing and businesses along the five urban railway routes stretching out from the city centre.Since the turn of the millennium, Copenhagen has seen strong urban and cultural development, facilitated by investment in its institutions and infrastructure. The city is the cultural, economic and governmental centre of Denmark; it is one of the major financial centres of Northern Europe with the Copenhagen Stock Exchange. In 2012, Copenhagen was third in the ranking of the richest cities in the world in terms of gross earnings, dropping from first place in 2009. Since the completion of the Øresund Bridge, a road, railway and tunnel project, the metropolitan area of Copenhagen has become increasingly integrated with the Swedish province of Scania and its largest city, Malmö, known as the Øresund Region. With a number of bridges connecting the various districts, the cityscape is characterized by parks, promenades and waterfronts. Copenhagen's landmarks such as Tivoli Gardens, the Little Mermaid Statue, the Amalienborg and Christiansborg palaces, Rosenborg Castle, Frederik's Church, and many museums, restaurants and nightclubs are significant tourist attractions. In addition to recent developments in the city service sector and the pharmaceutical industry, there have been a number of initiatives in clean technology, supporting the city's goal to be carbon-neutral by 2025.Copenhagen has more than 94,000 students enrolled in its largest universities and institutions, including the University of Copenhagen, the Technical University of Denmark and Copenhagen Business School. The University of Copenhagen, founded in 1479, is the oldest university in Denmark, and has repeatedly been ranked as one of the best universities in Europe. Copenhagen is home to the FC København and Brøndby football clubs and the ice hockey teams Rødovre Mighty Bulls, Herlev Eagles and Hvidovre Ligahockey. The annual Copenhagen Marathon was established in 1980. Copenhagen is one of the most bicycle-friendly cities in the world. The Copenhagen Metro serves central Copenhagen together with the S-train network connecting the outlying boroughs. Serving roughly 2 million passengers a month, Copenhagen Airport, Kastrup, is the largest airport in the Nordic countries."
"Cork (/kɔrk/ or locally [kʰɑːɹk]; Irish: Corcaigh, pronounced [ˈkoɾkɪɟ], from corcach, meaning ""marsh"") is a city in Ireland. It is located in the South-West Region and in the province of Munster. With a population of 119,230, it is the second largest city in the state and the third most populous on the island of Ireland. In 2005, it was selected as the European Capital of Culture.The city is built on the River Lee which divides into two channels at the western end of the city. The city centre is located on the island created by the channels. At the eastern end of the city centre where the channels re-converge, quays and docks along the river banks lead to Lough Mahon and Cork Harbour, which is one of the world's largest natural harbours.The city's cognomen of ""the rebel city"" originates in its support for the Yorkist cause during the English War of the Roses. Corkonians often refer to the city as ""the real capital"" in reference to the city's role as the centre of anti-treaty forces during the Irish Civil War."
"Corrientes (Guaraní: Taragui; literally: ""Currents"") is the capital city of the province of Corrientes, Argentina, located on the eastern shore of the Paraná River, about 1,000 km (621 mi) from Buenos Aires and 300 km (186 mi) from Posadas, on National Route 12. It has a population of 328,689 according to the 2001 Census. It lies opposite its twin city, Resistencia, Chaco.It has a mix of colonial and modern architecture, several churches and a number of lapacho, ceibo, jacaranda and orange trees. It is also home to one of the biggest carnival celebrations in the country.The annual average temperature is 20 °C (68 °F), with maximum and minimum averages of 45 and 5 °C (113 and 41 °F) respectively. The annual rainfall is around 1,200 millimetres (47 in)."
"Cotonou (IPA: [kɔtɔˈnu]), formerly Kutonu, is the largest city and economic centre of Benin, although Porto-Novo is the capital.Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006; however, some estimates indicate its population to be as high as 1.2 million; the population in 1960 was only 70,000. The urban area continues to expand, notably towards the west. The city lies in the southeast of the country, between the Atlantic Ocean and Lake Nokoué.In addition to being Benin's largest city, it houses many of its government and diplomatic services. The city is a major port, and is also home to an airport and a railway that links to Parakou. Other features of Cotonou include Cotonou Friendship Stadium, Cotonou Cathedral, Cotonou Central Mosque, the Ancien Pont Bridge and the 20-hectare Dantokpa Market, which has a commercial turnover of over one billion CFA Francs a day. The National University of Benin is located in Cotonou. Another familiar feature of the city is the motorcycle-taxis known as Zémidjans."
"The city of Cuenca — in full, Santa Ana de los cuatro ríos de Cuenca — is the capital of the Azuay Province. It is located in the highlands of Ecuador at about 2500 meters  above sea level. The center of the city is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Trust site because of its many historical buildings."
"Cuernavaca (About this sound kweɾnaˈβaka ; Classical Nahuatl: Cuauhnāhuac /kʷawˈnaːwak/ ""near the woods"") is the capital and largest city of the state of Morelos in Mexico. It was established by the Olmec, ""the mother culture"" of Mesoamerica, approximately 3200 years ago and is designated as the archaeological site of Gualupita I . The city is located south of Mexico City, from which it may be reached after a drive of approximately thirty minutes using the D-95 Freeway.The city was nicknamed the ""City of Eternal Spring"" by Alexander von Humboldt in the nineteenth century. It has long been a favorite escape for Mexico City and foreign visitors because of this warm, stable climate and abundant vegetation. Aztec emperors had summer residences there, and today many famous people as well as Mexico City residents maintain homes there. Considering its location of just a 30 minutes drive from Mexico City, Cuernavaca traditionally has been a center of Mexican society and glamour, with many of the country's wealthy citizens owning sprawling mansions and haciendas in this cultural haven. Cuernavaca is also host to a large foreign resident population, including large numbers of students who come to study the Spanish language.The name ""Cuernavaca"" is derived from the Nahuatl phrase ""Cuauhnāhuac"" and means ""surrounded by or close to trees"". The name eventually was Hispanicized to Cuernavaca. The coat-of-arms of the municipality is based on the pre-Columbian pictograph emblem of the city which depicts a tree trunk (cuahuitl) with three branches, with foliage, and four roots colored red. There is a cut in the trunk in the form of a mouth, from which emerges a speech scroll, probably representing the language Nahuatl and by extension the locative suffix ""-nāhuac"", meaning ""near""."
"Curitiba (Tupi: ""Pine Nut Land"", Brazilian Portuguese: [kuɾiˈtʃibɐ]) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Paraná. The city's population numbered approximately 1,760,500 people as of 2010, making it the eighth most populous city in the country, and the largest in Brazil's South Region. The Curitiba Metropolitan area comprises 26 municipalities with a total population of over 3.2 million (IBGE estimate in 2010), making it the seventh most populous in the country.Curitiba is an important cultural, political, and economic center in Latin America. The city sits on a plateau at 932 metres (3,058 ft) above sea level. It is located 105 kilometres (65 mi) west of the seaport of Paranaguá and is served by the Afonso Pena International and Bacacheri airports. The city hosts the Federal University of Paraná, established in 1912.In the 1700s Curitiba possessed a favorable location between cattle-breeding country and marketplaces, leading to a successful cattle trade and the city's first major expansion. Later, between 1850 and 1950, it grew due to logging and agricultural expansion in the Paraná State (first Araucaria logging, later mate and coffee cultivation and in the 1970s wheat, corn and soybean cultivation). In the 1850s waves of European immigrants arrived in Curitiba, mainly Germans, Italians, Poles and Ukrainians, contributing to the city's economic and cultural development. Nowadays, only smaller numbers of foreign immigrants arrive, primarily from Middle Eastern and other Latin American countries.The biggest expansion occurred after the 1950s, with innovative urban planning that changed the population size from some hundreds of thousands to more than a million people. Curitiba's economy is based on industry and services and is the fourth largest in Brazil. Economic growth occurred in parallel to a substantial inward flow of Brazilians from other cities of the country, as approximately half of the city's population was not born in Curitiba.Curitiba sports one of Brazil's highest Human Development Index readings at 0.856, and in 2010 was awarded the Global Sustainable City Award, given to cities and municipalities that excel in sustainable urban development. According to US magazine Reader's Digest, Curitiba is the best ""Brazilian Big City"" in which to live.Curitiba was one of the host cities of the 1950 FIFA World Cup, and again for the 2014 FIFA World Cup."
"Đà Lạt (Vietnamese pronunciation: [ɗâː làːt] (13px )), or Dalat, (pop. 206,105 as of 2009, of which 185,509 are urban inhabitants) is the capital of Lâm Đồng Province in Vietnam. The city is located 1,500 m (4,900 ft) above sea level on the Langbian Plateau in the southern parts of the Central Highlands region.  In Vietnam, Da Lat is a popular tourist destination.Da Lat's specific sights are pine wood (forming the name: ""City of thousands of pine trees"") with twisting roads and tree marigold (Vietnamese: dã quỳ) blossom in the winter. The city’s temperate weather stands in contrast to Vietnam's otherwise tropical climate. Mist covering the valleys almost year-round leads to its name ""City of Eternal Spring"".Da Lat is also known as an area for scientific research in the fields of biotechnology and nuclear physics.With its year-round cool weather, Da Lat supplies temperate agriculture products for all over Vietnam, for example: cabbage and cauliflower. Its flower industry produces two typical flowers: hydrangea (Vietnamese: cẩm tú cầu) and golden everlasting (Vietnamese: hoa bất tử). The confectionery industry offers a wide range of mứt, a kind of fruit preserve made from strawberry, mulberry, sweet potato, and rose."
"Đà Nẵng (About this sound listen) is one of the major port cities in Vietnam (in addition to Ho Chi Minh City and Haiphong) and the biggest city on the South Central Coast of Vietnam; the city is situated on the coast of the South China Sea, at the opening end of the Hàn River. Đà Nẵng  is the commercial and educational center of Central Vietnam, with a well-sheltered, easily accessible port; its location on the path of National Route 1A and the North–South Railway makes it a hub for transportation. It is located within 100 km of several UNESCO World Heritage Sites, including the Imperial City of Huế, the Old Town of Hội An, and the Mỹ Sơn ruins. The city was previously known as Cửa Hàn during early Đại Việt settlement, and as Tourane (or Turon) during French colonial rule. It is the third biggest economic center in Vietnam (after Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi).Before 1997, the city was part of Quảng Nam-Đà Nẵng Province. On 1 January 1997, Đà Nẵng was separated from Quảng Nam Province to become one of five independent (centrally controlled) municipalities in Vietnam. Đà Nẵng is listed as a first class city, and has a higher urbanization ratio than any of Vietnam's other provinces or centrally governed cities. In terms of urban population, Đà Nẵng is the fifth largest city in Vietnam."
"Dakar (English pronunciation: /dɑːˈkɑːr, ˈdækər/; French: [da.kaʁ]) is the capital and largest city of Senegal.It is located on the Cap-Vert Peninsula on the Atlantic coast and is the westernmost city in the Old World and on the African mainland. Its position, on the western edge of Africa, is an advantageous departure point for trans-Atlantic and European trade; this fact aided its growth into a major regional port.According to December 31, 2005 official estimates, the city of Dakar proper has a population of 1,030,594, whereas the population of the Dakar metropolitan area is estimated at 2.45 million people.Dakar is a major administrative centre, home to the National Assembly of Senegal and Senegal's President's Palace."
"Damascus (Arabic: دمشق‎ Dimashq, Syrian Arabic pronunciation: [dɪˈmɪʃeʔ]) is the capital and the second largest city of Syria after Aleppo. It is commonly known in Syria as ash-Sham (Arabic: الشام‎ ash-Shām) and nicknamed as the City of Jasmine (Arabic: مدينة الياسمين‎ Madīnat al-Yāsmīn). In addition to being one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world, Damascus is a major cultural and religious center of the Levant. The city has an estimated population of 1,711,000 (2009 est.).Located in southwestern Syria, Damascus is the center of a large metropolitan area of 2.6 million people (2004). Geographically embedded on the eastern foothills of the Anti-Lebanon mountain range 80 kilometres (50 mi) inland from the eastern shore of the Mediterranean on a plateau 680 metres (2,230 ft) above sea-level, Damascus experiences a semi-arid climate due to the rain shadow effect. The Barada River flows through Damascus.First settled in the second millennium BC, it was chosen as the capital of the Umayyad Caliphate from 661 to 750. After the victory of the Abbasid dynasty, the seat of Islamic power was moved to Baghdad. Damascus saw a political decline throughout the Abbasid era, only to regain significant importance in the Ayyubid and Mamluk periods. During Ottoman rule, the city decayed completely while maintaining a certain cultural prestige. Today, it is the seat of the central government and all of the government ministries."
"Damaturu is a Local Government Area in Yobe State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Damaturu, the State capital.The postal code of the area is 620.The Local Government Area has an area of 2,366 km² and a population of 88,014 at the 2006 census.The town of Damaturu is on the A3 highway and has an estimated 2010 population of 44,268.Damaturu is the headquarters of the Damaturu Emirate, at one time part of the Ngazaragamo emirate based in Gaidam.On 16 June 2013, Damaturu was the site of an attack by Boko Haram. Militants attacked a school and killed thirteen people, including students and teachers.On 26 October 2013, Suspected Boko Haram militants had engaged security forces in a lengthy gun battle and raided a hospital in Damaturu.On 1 December 2014, Suspected Boko Haram militants have carried out attacks on the city, The assault on the city, began shortly after 5:00 am local time. Gunshots and explosions were heard and a base of the riot police was reported to have been set on fire. Yobe state university also came under attack."
"Damietta (Egyptian Arabic: دمياط Dumyāṭ , IPA: [domˈjɑːtˤ]), also known as Damiata, or Domyat, is a port and the capital of the Damietta Governorate in Egypt. It is located at the Damietta branch, a distributary of the Nile, 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the Mediterranean Sea, about 200 kilometres (120 mi) north of Cairo."
"Danville is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,055. It is bounded by Pittsylvania County, Virginia and Caswell County, North Carolina. It hosts the Danville Braves baseball club of the Appalachian League.Danville is the principal city of the Danville, Virginia Micropolitan Statistical Area."
"Daquq or Daquqa, Dakuk, Daqooq, Tavuk or Tawuq (Turkish:Dakuk) (Arabic:داقوق) is an historically Assyrian town in Iraq south of Kirkuk. It is the capital of Daquq District, one of the four Districts of Kirkuk Governorate. It lies just south of Taza.Daquq is sometimes referred to as the earliest Turkmen settlement in Iraq.Abul-Fath Mohammad bin Annaz, founder of the Annazid dynasty, temporarily seized Daquq from Banu Oqayl in 998 AD.Up to the end of the 14th century AD, Daquq was for the most part administratively and economically superior to neighbouring Kirkuk. The majority of the 50,000 inhabitants are Turkmen, Kurds and Arabs. Daquq was initially inhabited by the Assyrians also, but they disappeared from the region after Timur's large-scale massacres against them. The town is known for its tea and famous mosque. It is situated on the Daquq river, of which the floodwaters in spring are said to join the Tigris. The first people to reside in Daquq, prior to the Arab invasion of the region during the war between the Sassanian Empire and Muslims during the time of Omar bin khattab, were the Assyrians."
"Dar es Salaam (Arabic: دار السلام‎ Dār as-Salām, literally ""The residence of peace""), formerly Mzizima, is Tanzania's largest and richest city, the largest city in eastern Africa by population, and a regionally important economic centre. It is the capital of the Dar es Salaam Region administrative province and consists of three local government areas or administrative districts: northern Kinondoni, central Ilala, and southern Temeke. The region had a population of 4,364,541 as of the official 2012 census. Although Dar es Salaam lost its status as the nation's capital to Dodoma in 1974 (not completed until 1996), it remains the locus of the permanent central government bureaucracy."
"Dawei (Burmese: ထားဝယ်မြို့; MLCTS: hta: wai mrui., pronounced: [dəwɛ̀ mjo̰]; Mon: ဓဝဲါ, [həwài]; Thai: ทวาย, RTGS: Thawai, pronounced [tʰā.wāːj]; formerly known as Tavoy), is a city in southeastern Myanmar and capital of Tanintharyi Region, formerly Tenasserim Division,  about 614.3 km (381.7 mi) south of Yangon on the northern bank of the Dawei River.  Population (2004 estimate) 139 900. It is at 14.09°N 98.20°E. Dawei is a port at the head of the Dawei River estuary, 30 km (18.6 mi). from the Andaman Sea. As a result the city is prone to flooding during the monsoon season. ""Dawei"" is also the name of one of Myanmar's 135 ethnic minorities."
"Delhi (/ˈdɛli/, Hindustani pronunciation: [d̪ɪlliː]  Dilli ), officially known as the National Capital Territory of Delhi, is the capital territory of India. It has a population of about 11 million and a metropolitan population of about 16.3 million, making it the second most populous city and second most populous urban agglomeration in India. Such is the nature of urban expansion in Delhi that its growth has expanded beyond the NCT to incorporate towns in neighbouring states and at its largest extent can count a population of about 25 million residents as of 2014.The NCT and its urban region have been given the special status of National Capital Region (NCR) under the Constitution of India's 69th amendment act of 1991. The NCR includes the neighbouring cities of Gurgaon, Noida, Ghaziabad, Faridabad, Neharpar (Greater Faridabad), Greater Noida, Sonepat, Panipat, Karnal, Rohtak, Bhiwani, Rewari, Baghpat, Meerut, Alwar, Bharatpur and other nearby towns. A union territory, the political administration of the NCT of Delhi today more closely resembles that of a state of India, with its own legislature, high court and an executive council of ministers headed by a Chief Minister. New Delhi is jointly administered by the federal government of India and the local government of Delhi, and is the capital of the NCT of Delhi.Delhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BC. Through most of its history, Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires. It has been captured, ransacked and rebuilt several times, particularly during the medieval period, and modern Delhi is a cluster of a number of cities spread across the metropolitan region."
"Denpasar (Indonesian: Kota Denpasar, Indonesian pronunciation: [dənˈpasar]) is the capital and the most populous city of the Indonesian province of Bali. Situated on the island of Bali, it is known worldwide as a major tourist destination, and is the main gateway to Bali. The city is also a hub for other cities in the Lesser Sunda Islands.With the rapid growth of the tourism industry in Bali, Denpasar has encouraged and promoted business activities and ventures, contributing to it having the highest growth rate in Bali Province. The population of Denpasar was 834,881 in 2012, up from 788,445 at the 2010 Census. The surrounding metropolitan area has roughly 2 million residents. The municipality's area extent, population, and density are similar to San Francisco."
"Depok is a city in West Java province, Indonesia on the southern border of DKI Jakarta in the Jabodetabek metropolitan region. The ""de"" in Jabo detabek refers to Depok, while the word ""depok"" itself comes from Sundanese language meaning hermitage or abode of one living in seclusion. There is also a saying that the Depok word is an acronym of De Eerste Protestants Onderdaan Kerk.It has an area of 200.29 km2 and at the 2010 Census had a population of 1,751,696 people, with a density of 8,746 people/km2.The city is divided into six districts (kecamatan). The seat of the regency is located at Depok Jaya."
"Diego Garcia is a tropical footprint-shaped coral atoll located south of the equator in the central Indian Ocean. It is part of the British Indian Ocean Territory (BIOT). The atoll is located 3,535 km (1,908.75 nmi) east of Tanzania's coast, 1,796 km (969.76 nmi) south-southwest of the southern tip of India (at Kanyakumari) and 4,723 km (2,550.22 nmi) west-northwest of the west coast of Australia (at Cape Range National Park, Western Australia). Diego Garcia lies in the Chagos Archipelago at the southernmost tip of the Chagos-Laccadive Ridge—a vast submarine range in the Indian Ocean, topped by a long chain of coral reefs, atolls, and islands comprising Lakshadweep, Maldives, and the Chagos Archipelago. Local time is UTC+06:00 year-round (DST is not observed).The United States Navy operates Naval Support Facility (NSF) Diego Garcia, a large naval ship and submarine support base, military air base, communications and space-tracking facility, and an anchorage for pre-positioned military supplies for regional operations aboard Military Sealift Command ships in the lagoon.The sovereignty of the Chagos Archipelago, including Diego Garcia, is being disputed between the United Kingdom and Mauritius. The United Kingdom excised the archipelago from Mauritian territory prior to Mauritius' independence in 1968.Between 1968 and 1973, the Chagossians, then numbering about 2,000 people, were resettled by the British government to Mauritius and Seychelles to allow the United States to establish a military base on the island. Today, the exiled Chagossians are still trying to return, claiming that the forced expulsion from Diego Garcia was illegal. This claim and their right to return home was upheld by the British high court but has continued to be blocked by the British government."
"Dili (Portuguese: Díli) is the capital, largest city, chief port and commercial center of East Timor."
"Diourbel (Serer: Jurbel, Wolof: Njaaréem) is a town in Senegal lying east of Thiès.  It is known for its mosque and local groundnut industry.  It is the capital of the Diourbel Region. Estimated population 2007: 100,445"
"Djibouti (Arabic: جيبوتي‎, French: Ville de Djibouti, Somali: Magaalada Jabuuti, Afar: Gabuuti) is the capital and largest city of Djibouti, which is named after it. It is located in the coastal Djibouti Region on the Gulf of Tadjoura.Home to around 600,000 inhabitants, the city contains over 60% of the nation's population. The settlement was founded in 1888 by the French, on land leased from the ruling Somali and Afar Sultans. During the ensuing period, it served as the capital of French Somaliland and its successor the French Territory of the Afars and Issas.Known as the Pearl of the Gulf of Tadjoura due to its location, Djibouti city is strategically positioned near the world's busiest shipping lanes and acts as a refueling and transshipment center. The Port of Djibouti is the principal maritime port for imports to and exports from neighboring Ethiopia. Additionally, the city hosts a number of foreign embassies, and is the headquarters of many international organizations, non-profit organizations and companies. Djibouti-Ambouli International Airport is the main domestic airport, connecting the capital to various major global destinations."
"Dodoma (literally ""It has sunk"" in Gogo), officially Dodoma Urban District, is the national capital of Tanzania and the capital of Dodoma Region, with a population of 410,956."
"Doha (Arabic: الدوحة‎‎, ad-Dawḥa or ad-Dōḥa, literally: ""the big tree"") is the capital city of Qatar and is located on the coast of the Persian Gulf,it had a population of 1,312,947 in 2013. Doha is Qatar's largest city, with over 60% of the nation's population residing in Doha or its surrounding suburbs, and is also the economic centre of the country. It is also one of the municipalities of Qatar.Doha also serves as the seat of government of Qatar. Doha is home to the Education City, an area devoted to research and education. Doha was the site of the first ministerial-level meeting of the Doha Development Round of World Trade Organization negotiations. The city of Doha held the 2006 Asian Games, the largest of the series held to that time. Doha also hosted the 2011 Pan Arab Games and most of the games at the 2011 AFC Asian Cup. Doha hosted the UNFCCC Climate Negotiations (COP 18) December 2012 and will host a large number of the venues for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. The World Petroleum Council held the 20th World Petroleum Conference in Doha in December 2011."
"Dongola (Arabic: دنقلا‎ Dunqulā), also spelled Dunqulah, and formerly known as Al 'Urdi, is the capital of the state of Northern in Sudan, on the banks of the Nile. It should not be confused with Old Dongola, an ancient city located 80 km upstream on the opposite bank.The town is home to the University of Dongola, a public university."
"Dublin (/ˈdʌblɨn/, Irish: Baile Átha Cliath [blʲa:ˈklʲiəh]) is the capital and largest city of Ireland. Dublin is in the province of Leinster on Ireland's east coast, at the mouth of the River Liffey.Founded as a Viking settlement, the Kingdom of Dublin became Ireland's principal city following the Norman invasion. The city expanded rapidly from the 17th century and was briefly the second largest city in the British Empire before the Act of Union in 1800. Following the partition of Ireland in 1922, Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State, later renamed Ireland.Dublin is administered by a City Council. The city is listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network (GaWC) as a global city, with a ranking of ""Alpha-"", placing it among the top thirty cities in the world. It is a historical and contemporary centre for education, the arts, administration, economy and industry."
"Dumai is a city in Riau province on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia. The city has an area of 2,039.35 km² and had 293,355 inhabitants in 2012. Dumai has a National Airport, that is Pinang Kampai Airport. Dumai is an important transport and trade centre, both regionally and internationally, especially to Malaysia.Dumai is rich in oil (fuel and palm oil)."
"Durango, officially Victoria de Durango and also known as Ciudad de Durango, is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Durango. It stands at an altitude of 1,880 metres (6,170 ft).The city was founded on July 8, 1563 by Spanish Basque explorer Francisco de Ibarra. During the Spanish colonial era the city was the capital of the Nueva Vizcaya province of New Spain, which consisted mostly of the present day states of Durango and Chihuahua.As of 2010, the city had a total population of 518,709, up from 463,830 as of 2005.  It serves as municipal seat of Durango Municipality which had a population of 582,267 in 2010.  The municipality has a relatively large land area of 10,041 km² (3,877 sq mi) and includes such outlying communities as El Nayar and Cinco de Mayo."
"Dutse is a city located in north central Nigeria. It is the capital city of Jigawa State. It is home to Federal University Dutse which opened in November 2011.The Jigawa State  Polytechnic]] has its College of Business and Management Studies at Dutse."
"Edinburgh (/ˈɛdɪnbərə/; Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Èideann) is the capital city of Scotland, situated in Lothian on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth.  It is the second most populous city in Scotland and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom. The population in 2013 was 487,500. Edinburgh lies at the heart of a larger urban zone with a population of 778,000.Edinburgh has been recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century (after Scone, Perth, Roxburgh, and Stirling, respectively) but political power moved south to London after the Union of the Crowns in 1603 and the Union of Parliaments in 1707.  After nearly three centuries of unitary government, a measure of self-government returned in the shape of the devolved Scottish Parliament, which officially opened in Edinburgh in 1999.  The city is also the annual venue of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland and home to many national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland, the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery. Edinburgh's relatively buoyant economy, traditionally centred on banking and insurance but now encompassing a wide range of businesses, makes it the biggest financial centre in the UK after London. Many Scottish companies have established their head offices in the city.Edinburgh is rich in associations with the past and has many historic buildings, including Edinburgh Castle, Holyrood Palace, the churches of St. Giles, Greyfriars and the Canongate, and an extensive Georgian New Town built in the 18th century. Edinburgh's Old Town and New Town are jointly listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The city has long been known abroad as a centre of education, particularly in the fields of medicine, Scots law, the sciences and engineering. The University of Edinburgh, founded in 1583 and now one of four in the city, was placed 17th in the QS World University Rankings in 2014. The city is also famous for the Edinburgh International Festival and the Fringe, the latter being the largest annual international arts festival in the world. In 2004 Edinburgh became the world's first UNESCO City of Literature, an accolade awarded in recognition of its literary heritage and lively literary activities in the present. The city's historical and cultural attractions, together with an annual calendar of events aimed primarily at the tourist market, have made it the second most popular tourist destination in the United Kingdom after London, attracting over one million overseas visitors each year ."
"Embu is a town located approximately 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Nairobi towards Mount Kenya. Embu serves as the provincial headquarters of Eastern Province in Kenya and is also the county headquarters of Embu County. Located on the southeastern slopes of Mount Kenya, the town of Embu had a population of 41,092 in 1999."
"Enugu (/eɪˈnuːɡuː/ ay-NOO-goo; Igbo: Énugwú) is the capital of Enugu State in Nigeria. It is located in southeastern Nigeria. The city has a population of 722,664 according to the 2006 Nigerian census. The name Enugu is derived from the two Igbo words Énú Ụ́gwụ́ meaning ""hill top"" denoting the city's hilly geography. The city was named after Enugwu Ngwo, under which coal was found.Since the 17th century the location of present day Enugu has been inhabited by the Nike (/niːˈkeɪ/ nee-KAY) subgroup of the Igbo people; one of Enugu's neighbourhoods still retains the village's old name Ogui. In 1900 the Southern Nigeria Protectorate was established by the colonial administration of the British Empire. The discovery of coal by the colonialists led to the building of the Eastern Line railway to carry coal from the inland city to the port of Port Harcourt, a city created for this purpose located 151 miles (243 km) south of what was called Enugu Coal Camp. Enugu was then renamed simply Enugu and developed as one of the few cities in West Africa created from European contact. By 1958 Enugu had over 8,000 coal miners. As of 2005 there are no significant coal mining activities left in the city.Enugu became the capital of the Eastern Region after Nigeria's independence in 1960; a succession of territorial adjustments in 1967, 1976 and 1991 led to Enugu becoming the capital of what is now Enugu State. On 30 May 1967 Enugu was declared the capital of the short-lived Republic of Biafra; for this Enugu is known as the ""capital of Igboland."" After Enugu was captured by the Nigerian armed forces, the Biafran capital was moved to Umuahia.Industries in the city include the urban market and bottling industries. Enugu has become a preferred filming location for directors of the Nigerian movie industry, dubbed ""Nollywood"". Enugu's main airport is the Akanu Ibiam International Airport. The main educational establishment in the city is the Enugu campus of the University of Nigeria based in Nsukka, a town north of Enugu and in the same state."
"Erfurt (German pronunciation: [ˈɛʁfʊʁt]) is the capital city of Thuringia and the main city nearest to the geographical centre of modern Germany, located 100 kilometres (62 miles) south-west of Leipzig, 150 km (93 miles) north of Nuremberg and 180 km (112 miles) south east of Hanover. Together with neighboring cities Weimar and Jena it forms the central metropolitan area of Thuringia with approximately 400,000 inhabitants. Notable institutions in Erfurt are the Federal Labour Court of Germany, the University of Erfurt and the Fachhochschule Erfurt as well as the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt with Erfurt Cathedral as one of the main sights. Further famous buildings are the Krämerbrücke, a bridge completely covered with dwellings, and Erfurt Synagogue which was established in the 11th century and is the oldest standing synagogue in Europe. Furthermore, the medieval city centre consists of old timber-framed houses and about 25 Gothic churches.Erfurt was first mentioned in 742, as Saint Boniface founded the diocese. Although the town did not belong to one of the Thuringian states politically, it quickly became the economic centre of the region. Until the Napoleonic era it was part of the Electorate of Mainz and afterwards it belonged to Prussia until 1945. The university was founded in 1392, closed in 1816 and reestablished after German reunification in 1994. It is one of the oldest universities in Germany. Martin Luther was the most famous student of the institution. Other famous Erfurtians are the medieval theologian Meister Eckhart, the Baroque composer Johann Pachelbel, the sociologist Max Weber and Gunda Niemann-Stirnemann, the most successful speed skater of all time.The city's economy is based on agriculture, horticulture and microelectronics. Its central location has led to it becoming a logistics hub for Germany and central Europe. Erfurt hosts the second-largest trade fair in eastern Germany (after Leipzig) as well as public television's children’s channel KiKa.Erfurt lies in the southern part of the Thuringian Basin, within the wide valley of the Gera river."
"Esmeraldas (Spanish pronunciation: [ezmeˈɾaldas]) is a coastal city in northwestern Ecuador. It is the seat of the Esmeraldas Canton and capital of the Esmeraldas Province. It has an international sea port and a small airport (IATA location identifier: ESM). Esmeraldas is the major seaport of northwestern Ecuador, and it lies on the Pacific coast at the mouth of the Esmeraldas River. It is exactly at the antipodes of Padang, Indonesia. The city is the principal trading hub for the region's agricultural and lumber resources, and is the terminus of the 313-mile (504-km) Trans-Ecuadorian Pipeline from the oil fields in northeastern Ecuador.Esmeraldas is well known around Latin America given the large number of locals that have historically played in the Ecuadorian national football team."
"Esztergom (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈɛstɛrɡom], also known by alternative names), is a city in northern Hungary, 46 kilometres (29 miles) northwest of the capital Budapest. It lies in Komárom-Esztergom county, on the right bank of the river Danube, which forms the border with Slovakia there.Esztergom was the capital of Hungary from the 10th till the mid-13th century when King Béla IV of Hungary moved the royal seat to Buda.Esztergom is the seat of the prímás (see Primate) of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary, and the former seat of the Constitutional Court of Hungary.The city has the Keresztény Múzeum, the largest ecclesiastical collection in Hungary. Its cathedral, Esztergom Basilica is the largest church in Hungary."
"Fagatogo is village situated on Tutuila Island, Pago Pago Harbour. Population (April 1, As of 2009 census) is 3000. Fagatogo is listed in the Constitution of American Samoa as the official seat of government.  The Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Samoa-Pago Pago is located in the village."
"Faiyum (Egyptian Arabic: الفيوم el-Fayyūm  pronounced [elfæjˈjuːm]; Coptic:  ̀Ⲫⲓⲟⲙ Phiom) is a city in Middle Egypt. Located 100 kilometres (62 miles) southwest of Cairo, in the Faiyum Oasis, it is the capital of the modern Faiyum Governorate. The town occupies part of the ancient site of Crocodilopolis or Arsinoë. Founded in around 4000 BC, it is the oldest city in Egypt and one of the oldest cities in the world."
"Falam (Burmese: ဖလမ်းမြို့) is a town in north-western Burma (Myanmar) near Burma's western border with the Indian state of Mizoram. The town was originally founded by the British in 1892, and became an important place for the British government to rule the whole Chin Hills at that time. After the formation of Chin State, it was the capital city until the administrative offices were moved to Hakha.What year? It is still the regional capital of Falam District and of Falam Township. Falam is the headquarters of several important organizations. The Zomi Baptist Convention (ZBC) has its head office in Falam.People who travel through the city take the Kalay-Falam-Hakha Road. The first school that ever existed in Chin State is the No.1 Basic Education High School in Falam, and it recently celebrated its 100th year. Many of the buildings in Falam reflect the British occupation and its former status as the state capital. Also It is a very beautiful place."
"Fallujah (Arabic: الفلوجة‎, al-Fallūjah  Iraqi pronunciation: [el.fɐl.ˈluː.dʒɐ]) is a city in the Iraqi province of Al Anbar, located roughly 69 kilometers (43 mi) west of Baghdad on the Euphrates. Fallujah dates from Babylonian times and was host to important Jewish academies for many centuries.The city grew from a small town in 1947 to a population of 326,471 inhabitants in 2010. Within Iraq, it is known as the ""city of mosques"" for the more than 200 mosques found in the city and the surrounding villages.In January 2014, a variety of sources have reported that the city was controlled by al-Qaeda and/or its affiliate, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS; sometimes called ISIL). On a broadcast of National Public Radio's All Things Considered, Middle East analyst Kirk Sowell stated that while ISIS was occupying parts of the city, most of the ground lost was to the tribal militias who are opposed to both the Iraqi government and al-Qaeda. Speaking on condition of anonymity at the end of May 2014, an Anbar-based Iraqi government security officer told Human Rights Watch that that ISIS was in control of several neighborhoods of southeast Fallujah as well as several northern and southern satellite communities, while local militias loyal to the Anbar Military Council controlled the central and northern neighborhoods of the city; however, Human Rights Watch stated that they could not confirm these claims."
"Faranah is a town and sub-prefecture in central Guinea, lying by the River Niger. As of 2014 it had a population of 78,108 people. The town is mainly inhabited by the Mandinka people."
"Fatick is a town in Senegal, located between M'bour and Kaolack and inhabited by the Serer people. Its 2005 population was estimated at 24,243. It is the capital of the Fatick Region."
"Fianarantsoa is a city (commune urbaine) in south central Madagascar.Fianarantsoa is the capital of Haute Matsiatra Region. It was built in the early 19th century by the Merina as the administrative capital for the newly conquered Betsileo kingdoms.It is at an average altitude of 1,200 metres (3,900 ft), and has a population of 144,225 (2001 census).Fianarantsoa means ""Good education"" in Malagasy. It is a cultural and intellectual center for the whole island.  It is home to some of the oldest Protestant and Lutheran cathedrals on the island, the oldest theological seminary (also Lutheran), as well as the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fianarantsoa. The city of ""good education"" also boasts a university named after it and built in 1972. Fianarantsoa is considered to be the capital of wine in Madagascar, because of the presence of many wine industries in the city.Fianarantsoa has been known for its political activism and was one of the ""hot spots"" during the political crisis in 2002. Students of the University of Fianarantsoa have a reputation for sympathizing with radical leftist groups. The mayor of Fianarantsoa comes from the MFM political party whose colors are based on the anarcho-syndicalist flag.Fianarantsoa was placed by the World Monuments Fund on its 2008 Watch List of the 100 Most Endangered Sites because many of the buildings in the old town are in dire need of repair.  Fortunately, most of the repairs are relatively easy, and WMF hopes that the listing will attract attention to fund the necessary repairs to keep the old town looking beautiful."
"Florence (/ˈflɒrəns/; Italian: Firenze [fiˈrɛntse] (13px ), alternative obsolete form: Fiorenza; Latin: Florentia) is the capital city of the Italian region of Tuscany and of the province of Florence. It is the most populous city in Tuscany, with approximately 380,000 inhabitants, expanding to over 1,520,000 in the metropolitan area.Florence is famous for its history: a centre of medieval European trade and finance and one of the wealthiest cities of the time, it is considered the birthplace of the Renaissance, and has been called ""the Athens of the Middle Ages"". A turbulent political history includes periods of rule by the powerful Medici family, and numerous religious and republican revolutions. From 1865 to 1871 the city was the capital of the recently established Kingdom of Italy.The Historic Centre of Florence attracts millions of tourists each year, and Euromonitor International ranked the city as the world's 89th most visited in 2012, with 1.8 million visitors. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1982. The city is noted for its culture, Renaissance art and architecture and monuments. The city also contains numerous museums and art galleries, such as the Uffizi Gallery and the Palazzo Pitti, and still exerts an influence in the fields of art, culture and politics. Due to Florence's artistic and architectural heritage, it has been ranked by Forbes as one of the most beautiful cities in the world.Florence is an important city in Italian fashion, being ranked in the top 50 fashion capitals of the world; furthermore, it is a major national economic centre, as a tourist and industrial hub. In 2008, the city had the 17th highest average income in Italy."
"Formosa (Spanish pronunciation: [forˈmosa]) is the capital city of the Argentine province of Formosa, on the banks of the Paraguay River, about 1,200 km (746 mi) from Buenos Aires, on National Route 11. The city has a population of about 234,000 per the 2010 census [INDEC].Formosa is the hub of the provincial industry, that processes the product of its natural resources. The port that serves the Paraguay towards the Paraná River is the main transport means for the provincial production.Notable sights of the city include the Nuestra Señora del Carmen Cathedral, the Government House, the Torelli Botanic Forest Garden, the Provincial History Museum (Museo Histórico Provincial), the Estadio Centenario (""Centenary Stadium"") football stadium, the Guaicole fauna reserve,  the shore of the Paraguay River, the Isla de Oro Island, and the Central Square named after José de San Martín."
"Fort-de-France  (French pronunciation: ​[fɔʁ də fʁɑ̃s]) is the capital of France's Caribbean overseas department of Martinique. It is also one of the major cities in the Caribbean. Exports include sugar, rum, tinned fruit, and cacao."
"Fortaleza (Portuguese pronunciation: [foʁtaˈlezɐ], Fortress) is the state capital of Ceará, located in Northeastern Brazil. With a population close to 2.55 million (metropolitan region over 3.6 million), Fortaleza is the 5th largest city in Brazil.To the north of the city lies the Atlantic Ocean; to the south are the municipalities of Pacatuba, Eusébio, Maracanaú and Itaitinga; to the east is the municipality of Aquiraz and the Atlantic Ocean; and to the west is the municipality of Caucaia. Residents of the city are known as Fortalezenses. Fortaleza is one of the three leading cities in the Northeast region together with Salvador and Recife.The city was one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Additionally, Fortaleza was one of the host cities of the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup."
"Freetown is the capital and largest city of Sierra Leone. It is a major port city in the Atlantic Ocean and is located in the Western Area of the country. Freetown is Sierra Leone's major urban, economic, financial, cultural, educational and political centre. The city proper had a population of 772,873 at the 2004 census.As of 2010, the population of Freetown is estimated at 1.2 million. The city's economy revolves largely around its harbor, which occupies a part of the estuary of the Sierra Leone River in one of the world's largest natural deep water harbours.The population of Freetown is ethnically, culturally, and religiously diverse, among Muslims and Christians. The city is home to a significant population of virtually all of the country's ethnic groups, with no single ethnic group forming a majority of the city's population. As in virtually all parts of Sierra Leone, the Krio language is Freetown's primary language of communication and is by far the most widely spoken language in the city."
"Fribourg (French pronunciation: ​[fʁibuʁ]; Franco-Provençal: Fribôrg/Friboua, pronounced: [fʁibwa] (13px ); German: Freiburg or Freiburg im Üechtland, Swiss German pronunciation: [ˈfrib̥ʊrɡ]; Italian: Friburgo or Friborgo; Romansh: Friburg) is the capital of the Swiss canton of Fribourg and the district of Sarine. It is located on both sides of the river Saane/Sarine, on the Swiss plateau, and is an important economic, administrative and educational center on the cultural border between German and French Switzerland (Romandy). Its Old City, one of the best maintained in Switzerland, sits on a small rocky hill above the valley of the Sarine."
"Funafuti is an atoll on which the capital of the island nation of Tuvalu is located. It has a population of 6,194 people, making it the most populated atoll with 57.2 percent of Tuvalu's population. It is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 metres (66 and 1,312 feet) wide, encircling a large lagoon 18 km (11 miles) long and 14 km (9 miles) wide. With a surface of 275 square kilometres (106.2 sq mi), it is by far the largest lagoon in Tuvalu. The land area of the 33 islets aggregates to 2.4 square kilometres (0.9 sq mi), less than one percent of the total area of the atoll.The capital of Tuvalu is sometimes given as Fongafale or Vaiaku, but the entire atoll of Funafuti is officially the capital. As Funafuti is an atoll, cargo ships can enter the lagoon and dock at the port facilities on Fongafale."
"Fuzhou (Chinese: 福州; pinyin: Fúzhōu, [fǔtʂóʊ]; Fuzhou dialect: Hók-ciŭ; also formerly Minhow) is the capital and one of the largest cities in Fujian province, People's Republic of China. Along with the many counties of Ningde, those of Fuzhou are considered to constitute the Mindong (lit. East of Fujian) linguistic and cultural area.Fuzhou's core counties lie on the north (left) bank of the estuary of Fujian's largest river, the Min River. All along its northern border lies Ningde, and Ningde's Gutian County lies upriver. Fuzhou's counties south of the Min border on Putian, Quanzhou, Sanming and Nanping prefectures. Its population was 7,115,370 inhabitants as of the 2010 census, of whom 4,408,076 inhabitants are urban standing around 61.95%, while rural population is at 2,707,294 standing around 38.05 percent."
"Gaborone (Tswana IPA: [χabʊˈrʊnɛ]; English /ˌɡæbəˈroʊniː/ GA-bə-ROH-nee) is the capital and largest city of Botswana with a population of 231,626 based on the 2011 census, about 10% of the total population of Botswana. Its agglomeration is home to 421,907 inhabitants at the 2011 census.Gaborone is situated between Kgale and Oodi Hills, on the Notwane River in the southeastern corner of Botswana, and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the South African border. The city is served by the Sir Seretse Khama International Airport. It is an administrative district in its own right, but is the capital of the surrounding South-East District. Locals often refer to the city as Gabs.Many languages are spoken there, Setswana (Tswana) being the main language. English, Kalanga, and the native language of the Kgalagadi, are also spoken.Because the city had no tribal affiliation and was close to fresh water, the city was planned to be the capital in the mid-1960s when the Bechuanaland Protectorate became an independent nation. The centre of the city is a long strip of commercial businesses, called the Mall, with a semicircle-shaped area of government offices to the west of the Mall. The city is one of the fastest-growing cities in the world, and this has created problems with housing and illegal settlements. The city has also dealt with conflicts spilling into the country from Zimbabwe and South Africa during the 1980s.The city is the government capital as well as the economic capital; the city is headquarters to numerous companies and the Botswana Stock Exchange. Gaborone is also home to the Southern African Development Community (SADC); a supranational organization, hoping to increase economic unity."
"Galle (Sinhala: ගාල්ල;Tamil: காலி)  is a major city in Sri Lanka, situated on the southwestern tip of Sri Lanka, 119 km from Colombo. Galle is the administrative capital of Southern Province, Sri Lanka and is the district capital of Galle District. Galle is the fourth largest city in Sri Lanka after the capital Colombo, Kandy and Jaffna.Galle was known as Gimhathiththa (although Ibn Batuta in the 14th century refers to it as Qali) before the arrival of the Portuguese in the 16th century, when it was the main port on the island. Galle reached the height of its development in the 18th century, during the Dutch colonial period. Galle is the best example of a fortified city built by the Portuguese in South and Southeast Asia, showing the interaction between Portuguese architectural styles and native traditions. The city was extensively fortified by the Dutch during the 17th century from 1649 onwards. The Galle fort is a world heritage site and is the largest remaining fortress in Asia built by European occupiers.Other prominent landmarks in Galle include the city's natural harbor, the National Maritime Museum, St. Mary's Cathedral founded by Jesuit priests, one of the main Shiva temples on the island, and Amangalla the historic luxury hotel. On 26 December 2004 the city was devastated by the massive  Tsunami caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake that occurred a thousand miles away, off the coast of Indonesia. Thousands were killed in the city alone. Galle is home to a cricket ground, the Galle International Stadium which is considered to be one of the most picturesque cricket grounds in the world. The ground which was severely damaged by the tsunami, was rebuilt and test matches resumed there on December 18, 2007.Important natural geographical features in Galle include Rumassala in Unawatuna, a large mound-like hill, which forms the eastern protective barrier to the Galle harbour. Local tradition associates this hill with some events of Ramayana, one of the great Hindu epics. The major river in the area is the Gin River (Gin Ganga), which begins from Gongala Kanda and passes villages such as Neluwa, Nagoda, Baddegama, Thelikada and Wakwella, reaches the sea at Ginthota. The river is bridged at Wakwella by the Wakwella Bridge."
"Galveston /ˈɡælvɨstən/ is a coastal city located on Galveston Island and Pelican Island in the U.S. state of Texas. The community of 208.3 square miles (539 km2), with its population of 47,762 people (2012 Census estimate), is the county seat and second-largest municipality of Galveston County. It is located within Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.Named after Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid, Count of Gálvez (born in Málaga, Spain), Galveston's first European settlements on the island were constructed around 1816 by French pirate Louis-Michel Aury to help the fledgling Republic of Mexico fight Spain. The Port of Galveston was established in 1825 by the Congress of Mexico following its successful independence from Spain. The city served as the main port for the Texas Navy during the Texas Revolution, and later served as the capital of the Republic of Texas.During the 19th century, Galveston became a major U.S. commercial center and one of the largest ports in the United States. It was devastated by the 1900 Galveston Hurricane, whose effects included flooding and a storm surge. The natural disaster on the exposed barrier island is still ranked as the deadliest in United States history, with an estimated toll of 6,000-8,000 people.Much of Galveston's modern economy is centered in the tourism, health care, shipping, and financial industries. The 84-acre (340,000 m2) University of Texas Medical Branch campus with an enrollment of more than 2,500 students is a major economic force of the city. Galveston is home to six historic districts containing one of the largest and historically significant collections of 19th-century buildings with over 60 structures listed in the National Register of Historic Places."
"Gangaw (Burmese: ဂန္႔ေဂါၿမိဳ႕, Burmese pronunciation: [ɡa̰ɴɡɔ́ mjo̰]) is a town of Gangaw Township in Gangaw District in the Magway Division in Myanmar. Gangaw is also known as the City of Yaw, a certain region in Myanmar including Gangaw(ဂန္႔ေဂါ), Tilin(ထီးလင္း), Saw(ေဆာ) and villages around them. Myit Thar river (ျမစ္သာျမစ္) flows from South to North dividing the town into Gangaw and Western Gangaw( အေနာက္ဂန္႔ေဂါ) village. Kale-Gangaw Road was a main road linking Gangaw and Kalaymyo. It was 83 miles long, the 59 miles and six furlongs was tarred road and three miles section, three furlongs was gravel road section and 19 miles and seven furlongs was earthen section.Mandalay-Gangaw Road is a main Road linking the center of Myanmar.The 4.65 inches (118 mm) rainfall collected in 19 Oct 2011 was the a new record of that town for October of past 47 years. The previous record was 4.21 inches (107 mm) of 3 Oct 1980."
"Gao /ɡaʊ/ is a city in Mali and the capital of the Gao Region. The city is located on the River Niger, 320 km (200 mi) east-southeast of Timbuktu on the left bank at the junction with the Tilemsi valley.For much of its history Gao was an important commercial centre involved in the trans-Saharan trade. In the 9th century external Arabic writers described Gao as an important regional power and by the end of the 10th century the local ruler was said to be a Muslim. Towards the end of the 13th century Gao became part of the Mali Empire, but in first half of the 15th century the town regained its independence and with the conquests of Sonni Ali (ruled 1464–1492) it became the capital of the Songhai Empire. The Empire collapsed after the Moroccan invasion in 1591 and the invaders chose to make Timbuktu their capital. By the time of Heinrich Barth's visit in 1854, Gao had declined to become an impoverished village with 300 huts constructed from matting. In 2009, the urban commune had a population of 86,633.On 31 March 2012, Gao was captured from Malian government forces by National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) and Ansar Dine rebels. After the additional captures of Kidal and Timbuktu, on 6 April, the MNLA declared the region independent of Mali as the nation of Azawad and named Gao its capital. The MNLA lost control to Islamist militias after the Battle of Gao on 26 and 27 June 2012. On 26 January 2013, the city was recaptured by French military forces as part of Opération Serval."
"Garissa (Somali: Gaarisa) is the capital of Garissa County, Kenya. It is situated in the former North Eastern Province."
"Garut is a town in the West Java province of Indonesia and is the capital of the Garut Regency. It is located about 75 km to the southeast of the major city of Bandung."
"Geneina (sometimes Al-Junaynah) (Arabic: الجنينة‎, lit. the little garden) is the capital of West Darfur state in Sudan."
"Geneva (/dʒɨˈniːvə/, French: Genève [ʒə.nɛv], Franco-Provençal: Genèva [dzəˈnɛva], German: Genf [ɡɛnf], Italian: Ginevra, Romansh: Genevra) is the second most populous city in Switzerland (after Zürich) and is the most populous city of Romandy, the French-speaking part of Switzerland. Situated where the Rhône exits Lake Geneva, it is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva.The municipality (ville de Genève) has a population (as of June 2014) of 196,257, and the canton (which is essentially the city and its inner-ring suburbs) has 479,158 residents. In 2011, the compact agglomération franco-valdo-genevoise (Greater Geneva or Grand Genève) had 915,000 inhabitants in both – Switzerland and France (< 30mins distance). Within Swiss territory, the commuter area named ""Métropole lémanique"" contains a population of 1.25 million. This area is essentially spread east from Geneva towards the Riviera area (Vevey, Montreux) and north-east towards Yverdon-les-Bains, in the neighbouring canton of Vaud (< 60mins distance).Geneva is a global city, a financial center, and worldwide center for diplomacy due to the presence of numerous international organizations, including the headquarters of many of the agencies of the United Nations and the Red Cross. Geneva is the city that hosts the highest number of international organizations in the world. It is also the place where the Geneva Conventions were signed, which chiefly concern the treatment of wartime non-combatants and prisoners of war.Geneva was ranked as the world's ninth most important financial centre for competitiveness by the Global Financial Centres Index, ahead of Frankfurt, and third in Europe behind London and Zurich. A 2009 survey by Mercer found that Geneva has the third-highest quality of life of any city in the world (behind Vienna and Zurich for expatriates; it is narrowly outranked by Zurich). The city has been referred to as the world's most compact metropolis and the ""Peace Capital"". In 2009 and 2011, Geneva was ranked as, respectively, the fourth and fifth most expensive city in the world."
"Genoa (/ˈdʒɛnoʊ.ə/; Italian: Genova [ˈd͡ʒɛːnova] (13px ); Genoese and Ligurian Zena [ˈzeːna]; French: Gênes; Latin and, archaically, English Genua) is the capital of Liguria and the sixth largest city in Italy with a population of 594,904 within its administrative limits on a land area of 243.6 km2 (94 sq mi). The urban zone of Genoa extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of 718,896. The urban area of Genoa has a population of 800,709. Over 1.5 million people live in the metropolitan area. Genoa is one of Europe's largest cities on the Mediterranean Sea and the largest seaport in Italy.Genoa has been nicknamed la Superba (""the Proud one"") due to its glorious past and impressive landmarks. Part of the old town of Genoa was inscribed on the World Heritage List (UNESCO) in 2006 (see below). The city's rich art, music, gastronomy, architecture and history allowed it to become the 2004 European Capital of Culture. It is the birthplace of Christopher Columbus and Niccolo Paganini.Genoa, which forms the southern corner of the Milan-Turin-Genoa industrial triangle of north-west Italy, is one of the country’s major economic centres. The city has hosted massive shipyards and steelworks since the 19th century, and its solid financial sector dates back to the Middle Ages. The Bank of Saint George, founded in 1407, is among the oldest in the world and has played an important role in the city’s prosperity since the middle of the 15th century. Today a number of leading Italian companies are based in the city, including Selex ES, Ansaldo Energia, Ansaldo STS, Edoardo Raffinerie Garrone, Piaggio Aero and Costa Crociere."
"Georgetown is the capital of Guyana, located in Region 4, which is also known as the Demerara-Mahaica region. It is the country's largest urban centre. It is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and it was nicknamed 'Garden City of the Caribbean.' Georgetown is located at 6°48′N 58°10′W. The city serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre. It also serves as a financial services centre. The estimated population by the 2012 Guyana census was 750,000 inhabitants."
"Ghanzi is a town in the western part of the Republic of Botswana in southern Africa. At the time of the 2011 census, there were 12,167 people living in the town with another 861 nearby. It is the administrative center of Ghanzi District and is known as the ""Capital of the Kalahari"". Ghanzi District measures 117,910 square kilometres (29,140,000 acres) and is bordered by Ngamiland to the north, Central District to the east, and Kgalagadi and Kweneg Districts to the south. Its western border is shared with Namibia."
"Gilgit (Urdu, Shina: گلگت) is the capital of Gilgit-Baltistan within the namesake district of Pakistan. The city of Gilgit constitutes a tehsil within Gilgit District. The city's ancient name was Sargin, later to be known as Gilit, and it is still referred to as Gilit or Sargin-Gilit by local people. In the Burushaski language, it is named Geelt and in Wakhi and Khowar it is called Gilt. Ghallata is considered its name in ancient Sanskrit literature."
"Giza (/ˈɡiːzə/; sometimes spelt Gizah; Coptic: ⲅⲓⲍⲁ Giza; Egyptian Arabic: الجيزة el-Gīza), is the third largest city in Egypt. It is located on the west bank of the Nile, some 20 km (12.43 mi) southwest of central Cairo. Along with Cairo Governorate, Shubra El-Kheima, Helwan, 6th October City and Obour, the five form Greater Cairo metropolis. The city of Giza is the capital of the Giza Governorate, and is located near the northeast border of this governorate in coordinates. It is located right on the banks of the River Nile.  The city's population was 2,681,863 in the 2006 national census, while the governorate had 6,272,571 at the same census.  Its large population made it the world's second largest suburb in 2006, tied with Incheon, South Korea and Quezon City, Philippines, second only to Yokohama, Japan.Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau: the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world, including a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures, including the Great Sphinx, the Great Pyramid of Giza, and a number of other large pyramids and temples. Giza has always been a focal point in Egypt's history due to location in respect to Memphis, the ancient capital.The Great Pyramid of Giza at one time was advocated (1884) as the location for the Prime Meridian, a reference point used for determining a base longitude."
"Glarus (German: [ˈɡlaːrʊs] (13px ); French: Glaris; Italian: Glarona; Romansh: Glaruna) is the capital of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. Glarus municipality since 1 January 2011 incorporates the former municipalities of  Ennenda, Netstal and Riedern.Glarus lies on the Linth River at the foot of the Glärnisch foothills in the Glarus Alps. Very few buildings built before the fire of 1861 remain. Wood, textile, and plastics, as well as printing, are the dominant industries. The symbol of the city is the neo-romanesque city church."
"Glasgow (/ˈɡlɑːzɡoʊ, ˈɡlæz-/ GLAHZ-goh or GLAZ-goh; Scots: Glesca; Scottish Gaelic: Glaschu) is the largest city in Scotland, and the fourth largest in the United Kingdom. At the 2011 census, it had a population density of 8,790 per square mile (3,390/km2), the highest of any Scottish city. It is situated on the River Clyde in the country's West Central Lowlands. Inhabitants of the city are referred to as Glaswegians.Glasgow grew from a small rural settlement on the River Clyde to become one of the largest seaports in Britain. Expanding from the medieval bishopric and royal burgh, and the later establishment of the University of Glasgow in the 15th century, it became a major centre of the Scottish Enlightenment in the 18th century. From the 18th century the city also grew as one of Great Britain's main hubs of transatlantic trade with North America and the West Indies.With the onset of the Industrial Revolution, the population and economy of Glasgow and the surrounding region expanded rapidly to become one of the world's pre-eminent centres of chemicals, textiles and engineering; most notably in the shipbuilding and marine engineering industry, which produced many innovative and famous vessels. Glasgow was the ""Second City of the British Empire"" for much of the Victorian era and Edwardian period, although many cities argue the title was theirs. Today it is one of Europe's top ten financial centres and is home to many of Scotland's leading businesses. Glasgow is also ranked as the 57th most liveable city in the world.In the late 19th and early 20th centuries Glasgow grew in population, eventually reaching a peak of 1,128,473 in 1939. In the 1960s, comprehensive urban renewal projects resulting in large-scale relocation of people to new towns and peripheral suburbs, followed by successive boundary changes, have reduced the current population of the City of Glasgow council area to 592,000, with 1,199,629 people living in the Greater Glasgow urban area. The entire region surrounding the conurbation covers about 2.3 million people, 41% of Scotland's population. Glasgow hosted the 2014 Commonwealth Games. In other sports, Glasgow is also well known for the football rivalry of the Old Firm between Celtic and Rangers."
"Gniezno [ˈɡɲeznɔ] (13px ) (German: Gnesen) is a city in central-western Poland, some 50 kilometres (31 miles) east of Poznań, inhabited by about 70,000 people. One of the Piast dynasty's chief cities, it was mentioned by AD 10th century sources, including the Dagome Iudex, as the capital of Piast Poland. The Roman Catholic archbishop of Gniezno is the primate of Poland. These circumstances give it in relation to Polish history a similar status to Esztergom, Canterbury or Rheims.Gniezno is located in the Greater Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Poznań Voivodeship. The city is the administrative capital of the Gniezno County (powiat)."
"Gobabis is a city in eastern Namibia. It is the regional capital of the Omaheke Region, and the district capital of the Gobabis electoral constituency. Gobabis is situated 200 km (120 mi) down the B6 motorway from Windhoek to Botswana.  The town is 113 km (70 mi) from the Buitepos border post with Botswana, and serves as an important link to South Africa on the tarred Trans-Kalahari Highway. Gobabis is in the heart of the cattle farming area. In fact Gobabis is so proud of its cattle farming that a statue of a large Brahman bull with the inscription ""Cattle Country"" greets visitors to the town. Gobabis borders the Kalahari Desert, and is traditionally in the land of the Herero people."
"Gombe is a city in northeastern Nigeria (and a Local Government Area). It is the capital city of Gombe State and has an estimated population of 261,536. The city is the headquarters of the Gombe Emirate, a traditional state that covers most of Gombe State. Recent developments include an electrical generation operation forming the basis for the Dadin Kowa water project and the opening of the new Gombe Lawanti International Airport serving Gombe State."
"Gorgan About this sound pronunciation  (Persian: Gorgān‎, also Romanized as Gorgān and Gūrgān; Caspian: Wergen; formerly, Astarabad (Persian: Astarābad‎, also Romanized as Asterābād), is the capital of Golestan Province, Iran. It lies approximately 400 km (250 mi) to the north east of Tehran, some 30 km (19 mi) away from the Caspian Sea. In the 2006 census, its population was 269,226, in 73,702 families.Some 150 km (93 mi) east of Gorgan is the Golestan National Park. The city has a regional airport and several universities. Gorgan Airport was opened in September 2005."
"Goroka is the capital of the Eastern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea. It is a town of approximately 19,000 people (2000), 1600m above sea level. It has an airport (in the centre of town) and is on the ""Highlands Highway"", about 285 km from Lae in Morobe province and 90 km from the nearby town of Kainantu also in the Eastern Highlands. Other nearby towns include Kundiawa in Simbu Province and Mount Hagen in Western Highlands Province. It has a mild climate, known as a ""perpetual Spring"".It is the home of several national institutions; CRMF Christian Radio Missionary Fellowship,  the PNG Institute of Medical Research, the National Film Institute, the Melanesian Institute, the Raun Raun Theatre Company and the University of Goroka. Several NGOs also have presences there, including Oxfam and Save the Children. The town's single largest hotel is the Bird of Paradise, owned by the Coral Seas Hotels chain. Goroka is also the home of the Asaro Mudmen.Coffee is a common cash crop in the area; smaller industries include trout farms, pigs, bee keeping and food gardens (broccoli, kau kau or sweet potato, carrots, ginger and peanuts are examples of produce that grow well here; nearby Bena Bena is known for its pineapples)."
"Gorontalo is a city and the capital of the Gorontalo Province, Indonesia. It has an area of 64.79 km² and a population of 179,991 at the 2010 Census"
"Graz (German pronunciation: [ˈɡʁaːt͡s]; Slovene: Gradec), formerly known as Gratz, is the second-largest city in Austria after Vienna and the capital of the federal state of Styria (Steiermark). On 1. January 2015 it had a population of 309,323  (of which 276,526  had principal residence status). In 2012 the population of the Graz Larger Urban Zone who had principal residence status stood at 599,049.Graz has a long tradition as a student city: its six universities have more than 44,000 students. Its ""Old Town"" is one of the best-preserved city centres in Central Europe.Politically and culturally, Graz was for centuries more important for Slovenes than Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia, and still remains influential.In 1999, Graz was added to the UNESCO list of World Cultural Heritage Sites, and the site was extended in 2010 by Schloss Eggenberg. Graz was sole Cultural Capital of Europe for 2003 and got the title of a City of Culinary Delights in 2008."
"Greenville is the capital of Sinoe County in southeastern Liberia and lies on a lagoon near the Sinoe River and the Atlantic Ocean. It is located about 150 miles southeast of Monrovia. As of the 2008 national census, the population stood at 16,434.The town was built in about 1838 by colonists of the Mississippi Colonization Society.Part of what was then the Mississippi-in-Africa colony, (now Sinoe County), Greenville was named after Judge James Green, one of the first Mississippi Delta planters to send a group of former slaves to Liberia.The town was destroyed in the Liberian Civil War but has since been rebuilt around a port for the local logging industry. Before the civil war, the town's main exports were lumber, rubber, and agricultural products.The Sapo National Park lies near the town.  Boats sail from Greenville to Monrovia and Harper.Greenville experiences 185 rainy days per year. The mean temperature of the town's coolest month is 24 degrees Celsius and 27 degrees Celsius for its warmest month.Greenville has the third largest port in Liberia, the port has two quays (70 m and 180 m long respectively) on the inner side of the breakwater for berthing facilities, with an existing water depth of 6 m below chart datum."
"Guanajuato (Spanish pronunciation: [gwanaˈxwato]) is a city and municipality in central Mexico and the capital of the state of the same name. It is part of the macroregion of Bajío. It is located in a narrow valley, which makes the streets of the city narrow and winding. Most are alleys that cars cannot pass through, and some are long sets of stairs up the mountainsides. Many of the city’s thoroughfares are partially or fully underground. The historic center of the city has numerous small plazas and colonial-era mansions, churches and civil constructions built using pink or green sandstone.The origin and growth of the city resulted from the discovery of minerals in the mountains surrounding it. The mines were so rich that the city was one of the most influential during the colonial period. One of the mines, La Valenciana, accounted for two-thirds of the world’s silver production at the height of its production.The city is home to the Mummy Museum, which contains naturally mummified bodies that were found in the municipal cemetery between the mid 19th and 20th centuries. It is also home to the Festival Internacional Cervantino, which invites artists and performers from all over the world as well as Mexico. The city was also the site of the first battle of the Mexican War of Independence between insurgent and royalist troops at the Alhóndiga de Granaditas. The city was named a World Heritage Site in 1988."
"Guangzhou (also known as Canton, and less commonly as Kwangchow) is the capital and largest city of Guangdong province in South China. Located on the Pearl River, about 120 km (75 mi) north-northwest of Hong Kong and 145 km (90 mi) north of Macau, Guangzhou serves as an important national transportation hub and trading port. One of the five National Central Cities, it holds sub-provincial administrative status.Guangzhou is the third-largest Chinese city and the largest city in South Central China. As of the 2010 census, the city's administrative area had a population of 12.70 million.  Some estimates place the population of the entire Pearl River Delta Mega City built-up area as high as 44,449,738 including 10 out of 12 Guangzhou urban districts, Shenzhen (10.36 million), Dongguan (8.22 million), Zhongshan (3.12 million), Macau (0.55 million), most parts of Foshan (7.20 million), Jiangmen (1.82 million), Zhuhai (0.89 million) and Huyang County of Huizhou (0.76 million) adjoining Dongguan and Shenzhen, with an area of about 17,573 square kilometres (6,785 sq mi)."
"Guaranda is a city in central Ecuador. It is the capital of Bolívar, a province located in the Andes mountains. The city has is connected by road with other hubs including, Riobamba, Babahoyo and Ambato.Guaranda is a market town located in a ""Valle"" - a deep valley in the high Andes, serving a vast hinterland of agricultural settlements (""comunidades"") peopled by Quechua Indians. Its climate is subtropical, with a long (May - October) dry season (""estio""). Its population is mainly mestizo, but includes many people of different ethnicities . Supposely, the city was first colonized by Jewish Conversos fleeing from Lima's Inquisition. This nucleus has been intermarrying for now almost five centuries, forming a compact population linked by family connections. Since the 1990s, the indigenous majority has seized political power and most of the local elected officers are of Quechua origin.The city has 55,374 habitants (2011 census) and is growing. It suffers severe problems of electricity and water supply. Water is drawn from high surface sources, mostly from the Chimborazo glacier, and is of good drinking quality. The city is known for its week-long Carnaval and for its ""Pajaro Azul"" alcoholic drink."
"Guayaquil (pronounced: [ɡwaʝaˈkil]), officially Santiago de Guayaquil (English: Santiago of Guayaquil) (pronounced: [sanˈtjaɣo ðe ɣwaʝaˈkil]), is the largest and the most populous city in Ecuador, with around 2.69 million people in the metropolitan area, as well as the nation's main port. The city is the capital of the Ecuadorian province of Guayas and the seat of the namesake canton.Guayaquil is located on the western bank of the Guayas River, which flows into the Pacific Ocean at the Gulf of Guayaquil."
"Guìyáng (Chinese: 贵阳) is the capital of Guizhou province of Southwest China. It is located in the centre of the province, situated on the east of the Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau, and on the north bank of the Nanming River, a branch of the Wu River. The city has an elevation of about 1,100 meters. It has an area of 8,034 square kilometres (3,102 sq mi).Its population is 4,324,561 at the 2010 census whom 3,037,159 live in the built up area made of 7 urban districts."
"Gwanda is a town in Zimbabwe. It is the capital of the province of Matabeleland South, one of the 10 administrative provinces in the country. The name Gwanda derives from that of a nearby hill known as Jahunda. Gwanda also refers to the rural district around the town. Towns and districts surrounding Gwanda include Mbalabala, West Nicholson, Filabusi, Esigodini and Matobo."
"Gweru (formerly Gwelo until 1982) is a city near the centre of Zimbabwe at 19°25′S 29°50′E. It has a population of about 146,073 (2009), making it the fifth largest city in the nation. Gweru is the capital of Midlands Province, and was founded in 1894 by Dr. Leander Starr Jameson. The first bank opened in Gweru in 1896, and the stock exchange in 1898. The railway arrived in 1902. It became a municipality in 1914 and achieved city status in 1971. The name changed from Gwelo to Gweru in 1982.It is also home to Thornhill Air Base, an airforce garrison, the Zimbabwe Military Museum and the Antelope Game Park.  The Nalatale and Danangombe archaeological enclosures lie nearby, the former known for its patterned brickwork, the latter for its Portuguese remains.In 1928 Gweru resident and pioneer widow Mrs Jean Boggie erected a memorial clock tower in memory of her late husband. The Boggie Clock Tower has become a landmark in Gweru."
"Gyobingauk is a small town and seat of Gyobingauk Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma. It lies approximately 10 kilometres north of Okpho along National Highway 2. It is located roughly 185 kilometres north of Yangon. The town has a Roman Catholic history with missionaries."
"Ha'il (Arabic: حائل‎ Ḥā'il), also spelled Hail, Ha'yel, or Hayil, is a city in northwestern Saudi Arabia. It is the capital of the Ha'il Province. The city has a population of 356,876 according to Ha'il Province.Ha'il is largely agricultural, with significant grain, date, and fruit production. A large percentage of the kingdom's wheat production comes from Ha'il Province, where the area to the northeast, 60 to 100 km (37 to 62 miles) away, consists of irrigated gardens. Historically Ha'il derived its wealth from being on the camel caravan route of the Hajj. Ha'il is well known by the generosity of its people in Saudi Arabia and the Arab world as it is the place where Hatim al-Tai lived. It is also is the homeland of the Al Rashid family, historical rivals to the Al-Sauds."
"Haarlem (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦaːrlɛm] (13px ); formerly known as Harlem in the English language) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad, one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe. Haarlem had a population of 155,758 in 2014.Haarlem was granted city status or stadsrechten in 1245, although the first city walls were not built until 1270. The modern city encompasses the former municipality of Schoten as well as parts that previously belonged to Bloemendaal and Heemstede. Apart from the city, the municipality of Haarlem also includes the western part of the village of Spaarndam. Newer sections of Spaarndam lie within the neighbouring municipality of Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude."
"Haditha (حديثة, al-Haditha) is a city in the western Iraqi Al Anbar Governorate, about 240 km (150 mi) northwest of Baghdad. It is a farming town situated on the Euphrates River at 34°08′23″N 42°22′41″E. Its population of around 100,000 people is predominantly Sunni Muslim Arabs. The city lies near the Buhayrat al Qadisiyyah, an artificial lake which was created by the building of the Haditha Dam, the largest hydroelectric facility in Iraq. In September 2014, the Islamic State tried to capture the dam, but was stopped by US airstrikes. The dam and the town remain under the control of the Iraqi Security Forces."
"Hǎikǒu (Chinese: 海口), is the capital and most populous city of Hainan province, People's Republic of China. It is situated on the northern coast of Hainan, by the mouth of the Nandu River. The northern part of the city is the district of Haidian Island, which is separated from the main part of Haikou by the Haidian River, a branch of the Nandu.Administratively, Haikou is a prefecture-level city, comprising four districts, and covering 2,280 square kilometres (880 sq mi). There are 2,046,189 inhabitants in the built up area all living within the 4 urban districts of the city.Haikou was originally a port city. Today, more than half of the island's total trade still goes through its ports. The city is home to Hainan University, which has its main campus on Haidian Island."
"Hamadān or Hamedān (Persian: همدان‎, Hamadān) (Old Persian: Haŋgmetana, Ecbatana) is the capital city of Hamedan Province of Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 473,149, in 127,812 families.Hamadan is believed to be among the oldest Iranian cities and one of the oldest in the world.  It is possible that it was occupied by the Assyrians in 1100 BCE; the Ancient Greek historian, Herodotus, states that it was the capital of the Medes, around 700 BCE.Hamadan has a green mountainous area in the foothills of the 3,574-meter Alvand Mountain, in the midwest part of Iran. The city is 1,850 meters above sea level.The special nature of this old city and its historic sites attract tourists during the summer to this city, located approximately 360 kilometres (224 miles) southwest of Tehran.The main symbols of this city are the Ganj Nameh inscription, the Avicenna monument and the Baba Taher monument.People of the city identify their mother tongue as Persian."
"Hamilton is the capital of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda. It is the territory's financial centre and a major port and tourist destination. Its population of 3461 (2000) is one of the smallest of any capital city."
"Hangzhou (About this sound listen ), formerly romanised as Hangchow, is the capital and largest city of Zhejiang Province in Eastern China. It sits at the head of Hangzhou Bay on China's coast between Shanghai and Ningbo. Hangzhou grew to prominence as the southern terminus of the Grand Canal and has been one of the most renowned and prosperous cities in China for much of the last millennium, due in part to its beautiful natural scenery. The city's West Lake is its best-known attraction.Hangzhou is classified as a sub-provincial city and forms the core of the Hangzhou Metropolitan Area, the fourth-largest metropolitan area in China. During the 2010 Chinese census, the metropolitan area held 21.102 million people over an area of . Hangzhou prefecture had a registered population of 8.7 million and the built-up area (including the 9 urban districts and the Keqiao and Yuecheng districts of Shaoxing) held 8,874,348."
"Hanoi (/hæˈnɔɪ/ or US /həˈnɔɪ/) is the capital of Vietnam and the country's second largest city. Its population in 2009 was estimated at 2.6 million for urban districts, 6.5 million for the metropolitan jurisdiction. From 1010 until 1802, it was the most important political centre of Vietnam. It was eclipsed by Huế, the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn Dynasty (1802–1945), but Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954. From 1954 to 1976, it was the capital of North Vietnam, and it became the capital of a reunified Vietnam in 1976, after the North's victory in the Vietnam War.The city lies on the right bank of the Red River. Hanoi is 1,760 km (1,090 mi) north of Ho Chi Minh City and 120 km (75 mi) west of Hai Phong city.October 2010 officially marked 1000 years since the establishment of the city. The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural is a 4 km ceramic mosaic mural created to mark the occasion."
"Harare (/həˈrɑreɪ/; officially called Salisbury until 1982) is the capital and most populous city of Zimbabwe. Situated in the north-east of the country in the heart of historic Mashonaland, the city has an estimated population of 1,606,000 (2009), with 2,800,000 in its metropolitan area (2006).  Administratively, Harare is a metropolitan province, which also incorporates Chitungwiza town and Epworth. It is situated at an elevation of 1,483 metres (4,865 feet) and its climate falls into the subtropical highland category.The city was founded in 1890 by the Pioneer Column, a small military force in the service of the British South Africa Company, and named Fort Salisbury after the British Prime Minister Lord Salisbury. Company administrators demarcated the city and ran it until Southern Rhodesia achieved responsible government in 1923. Salisbury was thereafter the seat of the Southern Rhodesian (later Rhodesian) government and, between 1953 and 1963, the capital of the Central African Federation. It retained the name Salisbury until 1982, when it was renamed Harare on the second anniversary of Zimbabwean independence.Harare is Zimbabwe's leading financial, commercial, and communications centre, and a trade centre for tobacco, maize, cotton, and citrus fruits. Manufactured goods include textiles, steel and chemicals, and gold is mined in the area. The city's suburbs include Borrowdale, Mount Pleasant and Avondale; the most affluent neighbourhoods are to the north. The University of Zimbabwe, the country's oldest university (founded in 1952), is situated in Mount Pleasant, about 6 km (3.7 mi) north of the city centre. Harare is home to the country's main Test cricket ground, Harare Sports Club, and to Dynamos F.C., Zimbabwe's most successful association football team."
"About this sound Harbin  is the capital and largest city of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China. Holding sub-provincial administrative status, Harbin has direct jurisdiction over 9 metropolitan districts, 2 county-level cities and 7 counties. Harbin is the eighth most populous Chinese city and the most populous city in Northeast China. According to the 2010 census, the built-up area made of 7 out of 9 urban districts (all but Shuangcheng and Acheng not urbanized yet) had 5,282,093 inhabitants, while the total population of the sub-provincial city was up to 10,635,971. Harbin serves as a key political, economic, scientific, cultural and communications hub in Northeast China, as well as an important industrial base of the nation.Harbin, which was originally a Manchu word meaning ""a place for drying fishing nets"", grew from a small rural settlement on the Songhua River to become one of the largest cities in Northeast China. Founded in 1898 with the coming of the Chinese Eastern Railway, the city first prospered as a region inhabited by an overwhelming majority of the immigrants from the Russian Empire.Having the most bitterly cold winters among major Chinese cities, Harbin is heralded as the Ice City for its well-known winter tourism and recreations. Harbin is notable for its beautiful ice sculpture festival in the winter, the largest in the world. Besides being well known for its historical Russian legacy, it serves as an important gateway in Sino-Russian trade today. In the 1920s, the city was considered China's fashion capital since new designs from Paris and Moscow reached here first before arriving in Shanghai. The city has been voted ""China Top Tourist City"" by China National Tourism Administration in 2004. On 22 June 2010, Harbin was appointed a UNESCO ""City of Music"" as part of the Creative Cities Network."
"Hefei, formerly known as Hofei, Luzhou, or Luchow, is the capital and largest city of Anhui Province in Eastern China. A prefecture-level city, it is the political, economic, and cultural centre of Anhui. Located in the central portion of the province, it borders Huainan to the north, Chuzhou to the northeast, Chaohu to the southeast and Lu'an to the west.Hefei has an area of  and, at the 2013 census, a population of 7,611,000 inhabitants. Its built-up area (""metro"") was home to 5,031,123 inhabitants at the 2010 census encompassing all urban districts and Feidong and Feixi counties largely being urbanized."
"Helsinki (/ˈhɛlsɪŋki/; Finnish pronunciation: [ˈhe̞l.siŋ.k̟i] (13px ); Swedish: Helsingfors, pronounced [hɛlsɪŋˈfɔʂ] (13px )) is the capital and largest city of Finland. It is in the region of Uusimaa, located in southern Finland, on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, an arm of the Baltic Sea. Helsinki has a population of 621,863, an urban population of 1.2 million (31 December 2013), and a metropolitan population of 1.4 million, making it the most populous municipality and urban area in Finland. Helsinki is located some 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Tallinn, Estonia, 400 kilometres (250 mi) north east of Stockholm, Sweden, and 300 kilometres (190 mi) west of Saint Petersburg, Russia. Helsinki has close historical connections with these three cities.The Helsinki metropolitan area includes urban core of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa, Kauniainen and surrounding commuter towns. It is the world's northernmost metro area of over one million people, and the city is the northernmost capital of an EU member state. The Helsinki metropolitan area is the fourth largest Nordic metropolitan area after the metropolitan areas of Copenhagen, Stockholm and Oslo and Helsinki city is the third biggest Nordic city after Stockholm and Oslo.Helsinki is Finland's major political, educational, financial, cultural and research centre as well as one of northern Europe's major cities. Approximately 70% of foreign companies operating in Finland have settled in the Helsinki region. The nearby municipality of Vantaa is the location of Helsinki Airport, with frequent service to various destinations in Europe and Asia.In 2009, Helsinki was chosen to be the World Design Capital for 2012 by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design, narrowly beating Eindhoven for the title.In the Economist Intelligence Unit's August 2012 Liveability survey, assessing the best and worst cities to live in, Helsinki placed eighth best overall. In 2011, the Monocle Magazine in turn ranked Helsinki the most liveable city in the world in its Liveable Cities Index 2011."
"Hermosillo (Spanish pronunciation: [eɾmoˈsiʎo] (13px ), formerly called Pitic (as Santísima Trinidad del Pitic and Presidio del Pitic) is a city located centrally in the northwestern Mexican state of Sonora. It is the capital and main economic center for the state and region. It contains almost all of the state's manufacturing and has seventy percent of its population. The major manufacturing sector is automobiles, which was begun in the 1980s, when Ford built the Hermosillo Stamping & Assembly Plant."
"Hinthada (Burmese: ဟင်္သာတမြို့; formerly Henzada) is a city located on the Irrawaddy River in Ayeyarwady Region, Burma (Myanmar). In the 1983 census the city itself had a population of 82,005. By 2010 it had grown to 170,312. The trade of locally grown rice and grain goes through the port of Hinthada."
"Hlaingbwe (Mon: လိုၚ်ဗၟဲ, [làŋ plòa]) is a town in the Kayin State of south Myanmar."
"Hlegu (Burmese: လှည်းကူး, pronounced: [l̥ɛ́ɡú]) is a small city in Yangon Division, Burma (Myanmar) about 45 km northeast of Yangon. It is located on both sides of the Ngamoyeik River (Ngamoyeik Chaung). Hlegu is the administrative seat of Hlegu Township."
"Ho is a town and the capital of Ho Municipal District and the Volta Region of Ghana. Ho lies between Mount Adaklu and Mount Galenukui (Togo Atakora Range), and is home to a museum, a cathedral and a large prison. Ho has a settlement population of 96,213 people. It was the capital of British Togoland."
"Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnamese: Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh; About this sound listen), formerly named Saigon (Vietnamese: Sài Gòn; About this sound listen, French: Saïgon), is the largest city in Vietnam. It was once known as Prey Nokor, an important Khmer sea port prior to annexation by the Vietnamese in the 17th century. Under the name Saigon, it was the capital of the French colony of Cochinchina and later of the independent republic of South Vietnam from 1955–75. On 2 July 1976, Saigon merged with the surrounding Gia Định Province and was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City after Hồ Chí Minh (although the name Sài Gòn is still commonly used).The metropolitan area, which consists of the Ho Chi Minh City metropolitan area, Thủ Dầu Một, Dĩ An, Biên Hòa and surrounding towns, is populated by more than 9,000,000 people, making it the most populous metropolitan area in Vietnam. The city's population is expected to grow to 13.9 million in 2025.The Ho Chi Minh City Metropolitan Area, a metropolitan area covering most parts of the Southeast region plus Tiền Giang Province and Long An Province under planning, will have an area of 30,000 square kilometres (12,000 sq mi) with a population of 20 million inhabitants by 2020. According to the Mercer Human Resource Consulting, Economist Intelligence Unit and ECA International, Ho Chi Minh City is ranked 132 on the list of world's most expensive cities for expatriate employees."
"Hohhot (Chinese: 呼和浩特; pinyin: Hūhéhàotè; Mongolian: ᠬᠥᠬᠡᠬᠣᠲᠠ Kökeqota; Khalkha: Хөх хот Khökh khot; also romanized as Huhehot or Huhhot), abbreviated Hushi(Chinese: 呼市; pinyin: Hūshì), formerly known as Kweisui (simplified Chinese: 归绥; traditional Chinese: 歸綏; pinyin: Gūisūi), is the capital of the Inner Mongolian Autonomous Region in North China, serving as the region's administrative, economic, and cultural centre.Its population was 2,866,615 inhabitants at the 2010 census whom 1,980,774 lived in the built-up (or metro) area made up of 4 urban districts.The name of the city in Mongolian means ""Blue City""—Kuku-Khoto in Mongolian—although it is also wrongly referred to as the ""Green City."" The color blue in Mongol culture is associated with the sky, eternity and purity; in Chinese, the name can be translated as Qīng Chéng (Chinese: 青城), literally, ""Blue/Green City."""
"Homalin or Hommalinn (Burmese: ဟုမ္မလင်း မြို့ [hóʊɴməlɪ́ɴ mjo̰]) is a small town in northwestern Burma and capital of the Homalin Township in Hkamti District of the Sagaing Region. The town lies on the Chindwin River and is served by Homalin Airport.The Tamanthi Wildlife Reserve extends into the Homalin Township. Gold has been found in the river sand of Uyu River and extraction has been undertaken jointly with the Russians. The town also has a drug (heroin) manufacturing unit maintained by an Infantry Battalion of the Myanmar Army."
"Honolulu (/ˌhɒnəˈluːluː/ or /ˌhoʊnəˈluːluː/; Hawaiian pronunciation: [honoˈlulu]) is the state capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is the county seat of the City and County of Honolulu. Hawaii is a major tourist destination and Honolulu, situated on the island of Oahu, is the main gateway to Hawaii and a major gateway into the United States. The city is also a major hub for international business, military defense, as well as famously being host to a diverse variety of east-west and Pacific culture, cuisine, and traditions.Honolulu is both the westernmost and the southernmost major American city. For statistical purposes, the U.S. Census Bureau recognizes the approximate area commonly referred to as ""City of Honolulu"" (not to be confused with the ""City and County"") as a census county division (CCD). Honolulu is a major financial center of the islands and of the Pacific Ocean. The population of Honolulu CCD was 390,738 at the 2010 census, while the population of the consolidated city and county was 953,207.Honolulu means ""sheltered harbor"" or ""calm port."" The old name is said to be Kou, a district roughly encompassing the area from Nuuanu Avenue to Alakea Street and from Hotel Street to Queen Street which is the heart of the present downtown district. The city has been the capital of the Hawaiian Islands since 1845 and gained historical recognition following the attack on Pearl Harbor by Japan near the city on December 7, 1941."
"Hopong is a town in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located in Hopong Township in Taunggyi District. Hopong was the former capital of Hopong State."
"Hsi Hseng or Hsi-hseng (Burmese: ဆီဆိုင်မြို့) is a town in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located in Hsi Hseng Township in Taunggyi District and lies along National Highway 5. It is connected to Loisawn in the north and Tongkaw in the south. The area is a known producer of opium and methamphetamine; poppy fields and a methamphetamine factory have been reported in Hsi Hseng. Gee Dong was killed near Hsi Hseng in 1974."
"Hsipaw (Burmese: သီပေါ; Shan: သီႇပေႃႉ; also known as Thibaw), is a the principal town of Hsipaw Township in Shan State, Myanmar on the riverbank of Duthawadi River. It is 200 km (124 mi) northeast of Mandalay."
"Huambo, formerly New Lisbon (Portuguese: Nova Lisboa), is the capital of Huambo Province in Angola.  The city is located about 220 km E from Benguela and 600 km SE from Luanda.  The city is the second largest in Angola, after the capital city, Luanda. Huambo is a main hub on the Caminho de Ferro de Benguela (CFB) (the Benguela Railway), which runs from the port of Lobito to the Democratic Republic of the Congo's southernmost province, Shaba. Huambo is served by the Albano Machado Airport (formerly Nova Lisboa Airport)."
"Ibadan (Yoruba: Ìbàdàn or fully (Ìlú) Ẹ̀bá-Ọ̀dàn, (the city at) the edge of the savannah) is the capital city of Oyo State and the third largest metropolitan area, by population, in Nigeria, after Lagos and Kano, with a population of  over 3 million  Ibadan is also the largest metropolitan geographical area. At Nigerian independence, Ibadan was the largest and most populous city in the country and the third in Africa after Cairo and Johannesburg.Ibadan is located in south-western Nigeria, 128 km inland northeast of Lagos and 530 km southwest of Abuja, the federal capital, and is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north. Ibadan had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region since the days of the British colonial rule, and parts of the city's ancient protective walls still stand to this day. The principal inhabitants of the city are the Yorubas."
"Ilam (Kurdish: Îlam, ئیلام) (Persian: ايلام‎; also Romanized as Īlām and Elām) is a city in and the capital of Ilam Province, Iran and the third biggest kurdish city in Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155,289, in 34,549 families.The Kabir Kuh mountain range lies east of the city. From the west it borders Iraq. The city is populated by Kurds and its primary language is Kurdish."
"Indaw is a town in northern Burma, in Sagaing Division, Katha District, Indaw Township. It is located about 2 km southeast of Indaw Lake.  The rail junction at Naba is located about 6 km to the northeast of the town."
"Indramayu is the capital of Indramayu Regency in the West Java province of Indonesia, and located in the north coastal area of West Java, east from Jakarta, north-east from the city of Bandung, and north-west of the city of Cirebon. Indramayu is situated below sea level, which means that it is risky if there is high tide in stormy conditions. The town is only protected by some dunes and barrages at the seaside.The climate is quite dry. The number of (registered) citizens of Indramayu Regency is about 1,600,000, but in the town itself only less than 24,000 people reside. The estimated land area of the town of Indramayu is 2,600 km2 (1,000 sq mi). The local population nearby the shore subside on fishing. Furthermore kapok, clove, citrus and other fruits are cultivated. Indramayu is famous for the special sweet mangosteens so known as one of mango producers in West Java.. Indramayu was known as Indonesian no 1 rice supplier in the early 1980s to late 1990s.Crude oil is found in the Indramayu area.  Because of a lack of industry and labour provision, there is migration to other parts of Indonesia."
"Inhambane, Terra de Boa Gente (Land of Good People) is a city located in southern Mozambique, lying on Inhambane Bay, 470 km northeast of Maputo. It is the capital of the Inhambane Province and according to the 2008 census has a population of 65,837, growing from the 1997 census of 54,157. It is a sleepy historic town known for its rusting colonial architecture and has been popular with tourists in recent years.The settlement owes its existence to a deep inlet into which the small Matamba river flows. Two protective sandy headlands protect the harbor and form a sandbank. The town of Maxixe is located across the bay."
"Ioannina (Greek: Ιωάννινα, Greek pronunciation: [ioˈanina]), often called Yannena (Γιάννενα, Greek pronunciation: [ˈʝanena]) within Greece, is the capital and largest city of Epirus, an administrative region in north-western Greece, with a population of 112,486 (in 2011). It lies at an elevation of approximately 500 metres (1,640 feet) above sea level, on the western shore of lake Pamvotis (Παμβώτις). It is located within the Ioannina municipality, and is the capital of Ioannina regional unit and the region of Epirus. Ioannina is located 450 km (280 mi) northwest of Athens, 290 kilometres (180 miles) southwest of Thessaloniki and 80 km (50 miles) east of the port of Igoumenitsa in the Ionian Sea.Founded by the Byzantine Emperor Justinian in the 6th century AD, Ioannina flourished following the Fourth Crusade, when many wealthy Byzantine families fled there in the early 13th century following the sack of Constantinople.  It was part of the Despotate of Epirus from 1358 to 1416, before surrendering to the Ottomans in 1430. Between 1430 and 1868 the city was the administrative center of the Pashalik of Yanina.  In the period between the 16th and 19th centuries, the city was a major center of the modern Greek Enlightenment. Ioannina joined Greece in 1913 following the Balkan Wars.The city has both a General and a University Hospital, and is the seat of the University of Ioannina (situated 5 km (3 mi) south of the city, with 17 departments and 20,000 students) as well as several departments of the Τechnological Educational Institute of Epirus, the headquarters of which are located in Arta.The city's emblem consists of the portrait of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian crowned by a stylized depiction of the nearby ancient theater of Dodona."
"Isfahan (Persian: اصفهان‎, Esfahān About this sound pronunciation ), historically also rendered in English as Ispahan, Sepahan, Esfahan  or Hispahan, is the capital of Isfahan Province in Iran, located about 340 kilometres (211 miles) south of Tehran. It has a population of 1,908,609 and is Iran's third largest city after Tehran and Mashhad. The Greater Isfahan Region had a population of 3,793,101 in the 2011 Census, the third most populous metropolitan area in Iran after Tehran and Mashhad.The cities of Zarrinshahr, Fooladshahr and Najafabad, Se-deh, Shahinshahr, Mobarakeh, Falavarjan and Charmahin all constitute the metropolitan city of Isfahan.Isfahan is located on the main north–south and east–west routes crossing Iran, and was once one of the largest cities in the world. It flourished from 1050 to 1722, particularly in the 16th century under the Safavid dynasty, when it became the capital of Persia for the second time in its history. Even today, the city retains much of its past glory. It is famous for its Islamic architecture, with many beautiful boulevards, covered bridges, palaces, mosques, and minarets. This led to the Persian proverb ""Esfahān nesf-e jahān ast"" (Isfahan is half of the world).The Naghsh-e Jahan Square in Isfahan is one of the largest city squares in the world and an outstanding example of Iranian and Islamic architecture. It has been designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.  The city also has a wide variety of historic monuments and is known for the paintings and history."
"Islamabad (/ɪzˈlɑːməˌbɑːd/; Urdu: اسلام آباد‎, Islām ābād, Urdu pronunciation: [ɪsˌlɑːm ɑˈbɑːd̪]) is the capital city of Pakistan located within the Islamabad Capital Territory. It has a population of 2 million and together with its neighboring twin city of Rawalpindi, the greater Islamabad-Rawalpindi metropolitan area is the third largest in Pakistan with a population of over 4.5 million inhabitants.Since its foundation, Islamabad has attracted people from all over Pakistan, making it one of the most cosmopolitan and urbanized cities of Pakistan. As the national capital, Islamabad is the seat of the Government of Pakistan; the Presidential Palace (Aiwan-e-Sadr) is located here. Islamabad is also home to the Pakistan Monument, which is one of the two national monuments of Pakistan. Islamabad hosts a large number of foreign diplomats, politicians and government employees. The Capital Development Authority is responsible for managing the public works within the city.Islamabad is located in the Pothohar Plateau in the northeastern part of the country, within the Islamabad Capital Territory. The region has historically been a part of the crossroads of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa with the Margalla Pass acting as the gateway between the two regions. The city was built during the 1960s to replace Karachi as Pakistan's capital. Islamabad is a well-organised international city divided into several different sectors and zones. It is regarded as the most developed city in Pakistan and is ranked as a Gamma+ world city.The city is home to the Faisal Mosque, the largest mosque in South Asia and the fourth largest mosque in the world. Islamabad has one of the highest literacy rates in Pakistan. There are 16 recognized universities in Islamabad, including Quaid-i-Azam University and the National University of Sciences and Technology. Allama Iqbal Open University in Islamabad is one of the world's largest universities by enrollment. Islamabad has the lowest infant mortality rate in the country at 38 deaths per thousand as compared to the national average of 78 deaths per thousand. The Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences is one of the largest research oriented hospitals in South Asia."
"Istanbul (/ˌɪstænˈbuːl/; Turkish: İstanbul [isˈtanbuɫ]) is the largest city in Turkey, constituting the country's economic, cultural, and historical heart. Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia, with its commercial and historical centre lying on the European side and about a third of its population living on the Asian side of Eurasia. With a population of 14.4 million, the city forms the largest urban agglomeration in Europe as well as the largest in the Middle East, and the sixth-largest city proper in the world. Istanbul's vast area of 5,343 square kilometers (2,063 sq mi) is coterminous with Istanbul Province, of which the city is the administrative capital. Istanbul straddles the Bosphorus strait in northwestern Turkey, between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea.Founded on the Sarayburnu promontory around 660 BC as Byzantium, the city now known as Istanbul developed to become one of the most significant cities in history. For nearly sixteen centuries following its reestablishment as Constantinople or Nea Romi (""New Rome"") in 330 AD, it served as an imperial capital for the Roman (330–395), the Byzantine (395–1204 and 1261–1453), the Latin (1204–1261), and the Ottoman (1453–1922) empires. It was instrumental in the advancement of Christianity during Roman and Byzantine times, before the Ottomans conquered the city in 1453 and transformed it into an Islamic stronghold and the seat of the Ottoman Caliphate.Istanbul's strategic position along the historic Silk Road, rail networks to Europe and the Middle East, and the only sea route between the Black Sea and the Mediterranean have helped foster an eclectic populace, although less so since the establishment of the Turkish Republic in 1923. Overlooked for the new capital during the interwar period, the city has since regained much of its prominence. The population of the city has increased tenfold since the 1950s, as migrants from across Anatolia have flocked to the metropolis and city limits have expanded to accommodate them. Arts festivals were established at the end of the 20th century, while infrastructure improvements have produced a complex transportation network.Approximately 11.6 million foreign visitors arrived in Istanbul in 2012, two years after it was named a European Capital of Culture, making the city the world's fifth-most-popular tourist destination. The city's biggest draw remains its historic center, partially listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and its cultural and entertainment hub can be found across the city's natural harbor, the Golden Horn, in the Beyoğlu district. Considered a global city, Istanbul is one of the fastest-growing metropolitan economies in the world. It hosts the headquarters of many Turkish companies and media outlets and accounts for more than a quarter of the country's gross domestic product. Hoping to capitalize on its revitalization and rapid expansion, Istanbul bid for the Summer Olympics five times in twenty years."
"Jaffna (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணம் Yalpanam, Sinhala: යාපනය Yāpanaya) is the capital city of the Northern Province of Sri Lanka. It is the administrative headquarters of the Jaffna district located on a peninsula of the same name. With a population of 88,138, Jaffna is Sri Lanka's 12th largest city. Jaffna is approximately six miles away from Kandarodai which served as a famous emporium in the Jaffna peninsula from classical antiquity. Jaffna's suburb, Nallur served as the capital of the four centuries-long medieval Jaffna kingdom. Prior to the Sri Lankan civil war, it was Sri Lanka's second most populated city after the commercial capital Colombo. The 1980s insurgent uprising led to extensive damage, expulsion of part of the population, and military occupation. Since the end of civil war in 2009, refugees and internally displaced people have started to return to their homes and government and private sector reconstruction has begun.Historically, Jaffna has been a contested city. It was made into a colonial port town during the Portuguese occupation of the Jaffna peninsula in 1619. The Dutch, took it from the Portuguese, only to lose it to the British in 1796. After Sri Lanka gained independence 1948, the political relationship between the minority Sri Lankan Tamils and majority Sinhalese worsened and after the Black July pogrom, civil war erupted in 1983. The rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) occupied Jaffna in 1986. and from 1989 until 1995. The Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF) briefly occupied the city in 1987. The LTTE again occupied the city from 1989 until 1995, when the Sri Lankan military gained control.The majority of the city’s population are Sri Lankan Tamils, although there was a significant number of Sri Lankan Moors, Indian Tamils and other ethnic groups present in the city prior to the civil war. Most Sri Lankan Tamils are Hindus followed by Christians, Muslims and a small Buddhist minority. The city is home to number of educational institutions established during the colonial and post-colonial period. It also has number of commercial institutions, minor industrial units, banks, hotels and other government institutions such as the hospital. It is home to the popular Jaffna library that was burnt down and rebuilt. The city is anchored by the Jaffna fort rebuilt during the Dutch colonial period."
"Jakarta /dʒəˈkɑrtə/, officially known as the Special Capital Region of Jakarta (Indonesian: Daerah Khusus Ibu Kota Jakarta), is the capital and largest city of Indonesia, and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world.Located on the northwest coast of Java, Jakarta is the country's economic, cultural and political centre, and with a population of 9,761,407 as of December 2012, it is the most populous city in Indonesia and in Southeast Asia. The official metropolitan area, known as Jabodetabek (a name formed by combining the initial syllables of Jakarta, Bogor, Depok, Tangerang and Bekasi), is the second largest in the world, yet the metropolis's suburbs still continue beyond it.Established in the fourth century, the city became an important trading port for the Kingdom of Sunda. It was the de facto capital of the Dutch East Indies (known as Batavia at that time). Today, the city has continued as the capital of Indonesia since the country's independence was declared in 1945. The city is currently the seat of the ASEAN Secretariat.Jakarta is listed as a global city in the 2008 Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network (GaWC) research. Based on survey by Brooking Institute, in 2011 economic growth in Jakarta ranked 17th among the world's 200 largest cities, a jump from its 2007 ranking of 171. Jakarta has grown more rapidly than Kuala Lumpur, Beijing and Bangkok.In 2014 global consultant A.T. Kearney released the Emerging Cities Outlook 2014 which ranked Jakarta first among 35 emerging world cities in terms of potential to improve their global standing in the next few decades."
"Jalingo is a city in north-eastern Nigeria. It is the capital city of Taraba State and has an estimated population of 118,000."
"Jambi (Indonesian: Provinsi Jambi) is a province of Indonesia. It is located on the east coast of central Sumatra and its capital is Jambi.The province has a land area of 50,058.16 km2, and it has a population of 3,092,265 according to the 2010 Census; by January 2014 this had risen to 3,412,459."
"Jayapura City (Indonesian: Kota Jayapura) is the provincial capital of Papua, Indonesia. It is situated on the island of New Guinea. It is situated on Yos Sudarso Bay (formerly known as Humboldt Bay). It covers an area of 935.92 sq.km, and borders Jayapura Regency to the west, Keerom Regency to the south, the nation of Papua New Guinea to the east, and the Pacific Ocean to the north. It had a population of 256,705 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 315,872."
"Kota Jepara is a small town in the province of Central Java, Indonesia.Jepara is on the north coast of Java, north-east of Semarang, not far from Mount Muria. It is also the main town of the district of Jepara, which has a population of about 1 million. Jepara is known for the Javanese teak wood carving art as well as the birthplace of Kartini, a pioneer in the area of women's rights for Indonesians."
"Jerusalem (/dʒəˈruːsələm/; Hebrew: יְרוּשָׁלַיִם About this sound Yerushaláyim; Arabic: القُدس‎ About this sound al-Quds), located on a plateau in the Judean Mountains between the Mediterranean and the Dead Sea, is one of the oldest cities in the world. It is considered holy to the three major Abrahamic religions—Judaism, Christianity and Islam. Israelis and Palestinians both claim Jerusalem as their capital, as Israel maintains its primary governmental institutions there and the State of Palestine ultimately foresees it as its seat of power; however, neither claim is widely recognized internationally.During its long history, Jerusalem has been destroyed at least twice, besieged 23 times, attacked 52 times, and captured and recaptured 44 times. The oldest part of the city was settled in the 4th millennium BCE.In 1538, walls were built around Jerusalem under Suleiman the Magnificent. Today those walls define the Old City, which has been traditionally divided into four quarters—known since the early 19th century as the Armenian, Christian, Jewish, and Muslim Quarters.The Old City became a World Heritage site in 1981, and is on the List of World Heritage in Danger. Modern Jerusalem has grown far beyond the Old City's boundaries.According to the Biblical tradition, King David conquered the city from the Jebusites and established it as the capital of the united Kingdom of Israel, and his son, King Solomon, commissioned the building of the First Temple; there is no archaeological evidence that Solomon's Temple existed or any record of it, other than the Bible. These foundational events, straddling the dawn of the 1st millennium BCE, assumed central symbolic importance for the Jewish people. The sobriquet of holy city (עיר הקודש, transliterated ‘ir haqodesh) was probably attached to Jerusalem in post-exilic times. The holiness of Jerusalem in Christianity, conserved in the Septuagint which Christians adopted as their own authority, was reinforced by the New Testament account of Jesus's crucifixion there. In Islam, Jerusalem is the third-holiest city, after Mecca and Medina.In Islamic tradition in 610 CE it became the first Qibla, the focal point for Muslim prayer (salat),and Muhammad made his Night Journey there ten years later, ascending to heaven where he speaks to God, according to the Quran.As a result, despite having an area of only 0.9 square kilometres (0.35 sq mi),the Old City is home to many sites of seminal religious importance, among them the Temple Mount and its Western Wall, the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, the Dome of the Rock, the Garden Tomb and al-Aqsa Mosque.Today, the status of Jerusalem remains one of the core issues in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, West Jerusalem was among the areas captured and later annexed by Israel while East Jerusalem, including the Old City, was captured and later annexed by Jordan. Israel captured East Jerusalem from Jordan during the 1967 Six-Day War and subsequently annexed it. Israel's 1980 Basic Law the Jerusalem Law refers to Jerusalem as the country's undivided capital. The international community rejected the annexation as illegal and treats East Jerusalem as Palestinian territory occupied by Israel. The international community does not recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, and the city hosts no foreign embassies.In 2011, Jerusalem had a population of 801,000, of which Jews comprised 497,000 (62%), Muslims 281,000 (35%), Christians 14,000 (around 2%) and 9,000 (1%) were not classified by religion.All branches of the Israeli government are located in Jerusalem, including the Knesset (Israel's parliament), the residences of the Prime Minister and President, and the Supreme Court. Jerusalem is home to the Hebrew University and to the Israel Museum with its Shrine of the Book."
"Jinan (Chinese: 济南市) is the capital of Shandong province in Eastern China. The area of present-day Jinan has played an important role in the history of the region from the earliest beginnings of civilization and has evolved into a major national administrative, economic, and transportation hub. The city has held sub-provincial administrative status since 1994. Jinan is often referred to as the 'Spring City' for its well-known 72 artesian springs inside urban area.Its population was 6,813,984 at the 2010 census whom 4,335,989 lived in the built-up (or metro) area made up of 6 urban districts."
"Jizan (Arabic: جازان‎  jazān), also spelled Jazan, Gizan or Gazan, is a port city and the capital of Jizan Region, which lies in the southwest corner of Saudi Arabia and directly north of the border with Yemen. Jazan City is situated on the coast of the Red Sea and serves a large agricultural heartland that has a population of 1.5 million, according to a 2010 census. The area is noted for its high-quality production of tropical fruits like mango, figs, and papaya.Jizan has one of the largest mega projects market in the kingdom with significant infrastructure projects worth many billions of dollars, Saudi Aramco executes large, high-profile infrastructure projects, of 400,000 bpd refinery with associated terminal facilities on the Red Sea near Jazan, Scheduled for completion in late 2016. Jazan refinery and terminal - Saudi Aramco"
"Jos is a city  in the Middle Belt of Nigeria. The city has a population of about 900,000 residents based on the 2006 census. Popularly called ""J-town"", it is the administrative capital of Plateau State.The city is located on the Jos Plateau at an elevation of about 1,238 metres or 4,062 feet high above sea level. During British colonial rule, Jos was an important centre for tin mining. In recent years it has suffered violent religious clashes between its Muslim and Christian populations in 2001, 2008, 2010, and 2011."
"Juba /ˈdʒuːbə/ (Arabic: جوبا‎) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of South Sudan. It also serves as the capital of Central Equatoria, one of the ten states of South Sudan. The city is situated on the White Nile and functions as the seat and metropolis of Juba County."
"Junagadh About this sound pronunciation  (Gujarati: જુનાગઢ) is the headquarters of Junagadh district in the Indian state of Gujarat. The city is the 7th largest in Gujarat, in western India, located at the foot of the Girnar hills, 355 km south west of state capital Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad. Literally translated, Junagadh means ""Old Fort"". An alternate etymology gives the name as coming from ""Yonagadh"", literally ""City of the Yona (Greeks),"" referring to the ancient inhabitants of the city under the Indo-Greek Kingdom. It is also known as ""Sorath"", the name of the earlier Princely State of Junagadh. After a brief struggle between India and Pakistan Junagadh joined India on 9 November 1947. It was a part of Saurashtra state and later Bombay state. In 1960, after the Maha Gujarat movement, it became part of newly formed Gujarat state."
"The City and Borough of Juneau (/ˈdʒuːnoʊ/; Tlingit: Dzánti K'ihéeni [ˈtsántʰì kʼìˈhíːnì]) is the capital city of Alaska. It is a unified municipality located on the Gastineau Channel in the Alaskan panhandle, and is the second largest city in the United States by area. It has been the capital of Alaska since 1906, when the government of the then-District of Alaska was moved from Sitka as dictated by the U.S. Congress in 1900.  The municipality unified on July 1, 1970, when the city of Juneau merged with the city of Douglas and the surrounding Greater Juneau Borough to form the current home rule municipality.The area of Juneau is larger than that of Rhode Island and Delaware individually and almost as large as the two states combined. Downtown Juneau 58°18′07″N 134°25′11″W is nestled at the base of Mount Juneau and across the channel from Douglas Island. As of the 2010 census, the City and Borough had a population of 31,275. In July 2013, the population estimate from the United States Census Bureau was 32,660, making it the second most populous city in Alaska. Between the months of May and September, the daily population of the city can increase by roughly 6,000 people from visiting cruise ships. However, Fairbanks is the second-largest metropolitan area in the state, with more than 97,000 residents. The city is rather unusual among U.S. capitals in that there are no roads connecting Juneau to the rest of Alaska or the rest of North America (though ferry service is available for cars).Juneau is named after gold prospector Joe Juneau, though the place was for a time called Rockwell and then Harrisburg (after Juneau's co-prospector, Richard Harris).  The Tlingit name of the town is Dzántik'i Héeni (""Base of the Flounder’s River"", dzánti ‘flounder’, –kʼi ‘base’, héen ‘river’), and Auke Bay just north of Juneau proper is called Áak'w (""Little lake"", áa ‘lake’, -kʼ ‘diminutive’) in Tlingit. The Taku River, just south of Juneau, was named after the cold t'aakh wind, which occasionally blows down from the mountains.Downtown Juneau sits at sea level, with tides averaging 16 feet (5 m), below steep mountains about 3,500 feet (1,100 m) to 4,000 feet (1,200 m) high. Atop these mountains is the Juneau Icefield, a large ice mass from which about 30 glaciers flow; two of these, the Mendenhall Glacier and the Lemon Creek Glacier, are visible from the local road system. The Mendenhall glacier has been gradually retreating; its front face is declining both in width and height.The Alaska State Capitol in downtown Juneau was originally built as the Federal and Territorial Building in 1931. Prior to statehood, it housed federal government offices, the federal courthouse and a post office. It also housed the territorial legislature and many other territorial offices, including that of the governor. Today, it is still the home of the state legislature and the offices of the governor and lieutenant governor. Other executive branch offices have largely moved elsewhere, in Juneau or elsewhere in the state, in the ongoing battle between branches for space in the building, as well as the decades-long capital move issue. Recent discussion has been focused between relocating the seat of state government outside of Juneau and building a new capitol building in Juneau. Neither position has advanced very far. The Alaska Committee, a local community advocacy group, has led efforts to thus far keep the capital in Juneau."
"Kabul (Persian: کابل) also spelled Kabol, is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan. It is also the capital of Kabul Province, located in the eastern section of Afghanistan. According to a 2012 estimate, the population of the city was around 3,289,000, which includes Tajiks, Pashtuns, Hazaras and smaller numbers of Afghans belonging to other ethnic groups. It is the 64th largest and the 5th fastest growing city in the world.Kabul is over 3,500 years old and many empires have controlled the city which is at a strategic location along the trade routes of South and Central Asia. It has been ruled by the Achaemenids, Seleucids, Mauryans, Kushans, Kabul Shahis, Saffarids, Ghaznavids, and Ghurids. Later it was controlled by the Mughal Empire until finally becoming part of the Durrani Empire with help from the Afsharid dynasty.During the Soviet war in Afghanistan the city continued to be an economic center and was relatively safe. Between 1992 and 1996, a civil war between militant groups devastated Kabul and caused the deaths of thousands of civilians, serious damage to infrastructure, and an exodus of refugees. Since the Taliban's fall from power in November 2001, the Afghan government and other countries have attempted to rebuild the city, although the Taliban insurgents have slowed the re-construction efforts and staged major attacks against the government, the NATO-led forces, foreign diplomats and Afghan civilians."
"Kabwe is the capital of the Zambian Central Province with a population estimated at 202,914 at the 2010 census. Formerly named Broken Hill, it was founded when lead and zinc deposits were discovered in 1902. Kabwe also has a claim to being the birthplace of Zambian politics as it was an important political centre during the colonial period. It is an important transportation and mining centre."
"Kaduna is the state capital of Kaduna State in north-western Nigeria, on the Kaduna River, is a trade center and a major transportation hub for the surrounding agricultural areas with its rail and road junction. The population of Kaduna was at 760,084 as of the 2006 Nigerian census. The symbol of Kaduna is the crocodile, called kada in the native Hausa language."
"Kaffrine is the capital town of Kaffrine Region of Senegal.pt:Kaffrine (departamento)"
"Kakata, Kak-ah-tah, is the capital city of Liberia's Margibi County and is located in Kakata District just over the Du River bridge which is its border with Todee District. It is a transit town at the heart of the historical natural rubber cultivation belt in Liberia. The city is colloquially known as ""Kak City"".It is estimated that the city is surrounded by more than one hundred thousand acres of rubber plantations, most of which are now past latex production. Though the Salala Rubber Company and Firestone Liberia are not far from Kakata, the nearby rubber plantations are mostly privately owned. Morris American Rubber Company (MARCO) and Bright Farm are the two largest, and Liberian-owned plantations, by area around Kakata. Small and medium-holder rubber plantations also dot most of the landscape.Kakata has many primary and secondary schools. One of the most notable is Booker Washington Institute (BWI), Liberia's premiere vocational high school and technical institution.  It also hosts KRTTI, Kakata Rural Teacher Training Institute, which trains Liberian elementary and lower-grade secondary teachers.  It has seven Senior High Schools: St. Augustine, Methodist, Pentecostal Conquerors Academy, Kakata Community College, Francis Michell, Lango Lippaye, and BWI.  Lango Lippaye is the only Government Senior High School in Margibi county.  There are three government junior high schools: the KRTTI Demonstration school, E. J. Yancy, and Lango Lippaye. Students from all over Liberia come to Kakata for studies at these institutions. C. H. Rennie Hospital in Kakata is the headquarters for the Margibi County health team. The Firestone Duside Hospital in Harbel is the nearest referral health care facility.Kakata has a large daily market in the center of town.  Kakata is a meeting point between urban and rural Liberia: Many of Kakata’s inhabitants either travel to Monrovia to bring goods to Kakata to sell, or travel to the rural areas, to bring produce back to Kakata to sell. The primary groups are Kpelle and Bassa, but all the different groups from across Liberia are represented in Kakata.As of the 2008 census, Kakata has a population of 33945. Of this, 16501 were male and 17444 female; it is the fifth most populous urban area in Liberia."
"Kalaw (Burmese: ကလောမြု့; Shan: ၵလေႃး [ka lɔ]) is a hill town  in the Shan State of Burma. It is located in Kalaw Township in Taunggyi District."
"Kalewa is a town at the confluence of the Chindwin River and the Myittha River in Kale District, Sagaing Division of northwestern Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat of Kalewa Township."
"Kampala is the capital and largest city in Uganda. The city is divided into five boroughs that oversee local planning: Kampala Central Division, Kawempe Division, Makindye Division, Nakawa Division and Lubaga Division. The city is coterminous with Kampala District.  Surrounding Kampala is rapidly growing Wakiso District, whose population has more than doubled since the last census, now stands at over 2 million."
"Kampong Cham (Khmer: ក្រុងកំពង់ចាម) is the capital city of Kampong Cham Province in eastern Cambodia. It is the sixth largest city in Cambodia with a population of 63,771 people (2006) and is located on the Mekong River.  Kampong Cham is 124 kilometers northeast from Phnom Penh and can be reached by either boat or by asphalt road. It takes about 2.5 hours by vehicle or 2.5 hours by boat from Phnom Penh to the city of Kampong Cham. Its geographic location is 12.00°N, 105.46°E.The city is connected to the district of Tbong khmum by the Kizuna bridge, the first in Cambodia to span the Mekong.The city is subdivided into four khums and 31 phums.Kampong means ""the side of a river or any other water body"" with Cham meaning Cham ethnicity of Champa. A similar Malay word ""Kampung"" means ""village."""
"Kampong Chhnang is the capital city of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia.It is located just west of the Tonle Sap River and is a noted port. The small city is connected to Phnom Penh by a national highway route and railway. Phnom Kong Rei is a landmark located north of the city across the Tonle Sap River.The economy of the area is dominated by rice production and many locals live on floating fishing villages during the high-water monsoon season."
"Kampong Speu (Khmer: កំពង់ស្ពឺ, literally: ""Port of the Carambola."") is the capital of Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia.Speu is the Khmer word for starfruit, but Kampong Speu is actually famous for its palm sugar and wine.Most of the townspeople speak only Khmer, but some are conversant in Mandarin (you can usually find them employed by the small coffeeshops/restaurants or shops).The centre of the town hosts a market, surrounded by bicycle shops, a dispensary and small restaurants. There is a guesthouse (Pheng Ang Guesthouse) just minutes away for travellers.Kampong Speu has numerous privately run schools and orphanages run by social and missionary organizations from Singapore, the Philippines and other countries."
"Kampong Thom (Khmer: ក្រុងកំពង់ធំ, ""Grand Port"") is the capital city of Kampong Thom Province, Cambodia lying on the bank of the Stung Sen River. It is served by the national highway, going from Siem Reap to Phnom Penh."
"Kandy (Sinhala: මහ නුවර Maha nuwara, pronounced [mahaˈnuʋərə]; Tamil: கண்டி, pronounced [ˈkaɳɖi]) is a major city in Sri Lanka, located in the Central Province, Sri Lanka. It is the second largest city in the country after Colombo.  It was the last capital of the ancient kings' era of Sri Lanka. The city lies in the midst of hills in the Kandy plateau, which crosses an area of tropical plantations, mainly tea. Kandy is both an administrative and religious city and is also the capital of the Central Province. Kandy is the home of The Temple of the Tooth Relic (Sri Dalada Maligawa), one of the most sacred places of worship in the Buddhist world. It was declared a world heritage site by UNESCO in 1988."
"Kano is a city in Nigeria and the capital of Kano State in Northern Nigeria, in the Sahelian geographic region south of the Sahara. Its metropolitan population makes it the second largest city in Nigeria. The Kano urban area covers 137 km2 and comprises six local government areas (LGAs) — Kano Municipal, Fagge, Dala, Gwale, Tarauni and Nassarawa — with a population of 2,163,225 at the 2006 Nigerian census. The metropolitan area covers 499 km2 and comprises eight LGAs — the six mentioned above plus Ungogo and Kumbotso — with a population of 2,828,861 at the 2006 Nigerian census.The principal inhabitants of the city are the Hausa people. As in most parts of northern Nigeria, the Hausa language is widely spoken in Kano. The city is the capital of the Kano Emirate. The current emir, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, was throned on 8 June 2014 after the death of late Alhaji Ado Bayero, the thirtienth emir of kano emirate on Friday, 6 June 2014. The city's Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport, the main airport serving northern Nigeria, was named after politician Aminu Kano."
"Kanpetlet  (Burmese: ကန်ပက်လက်မြို့) is a town in the Chin State of West Myanmar. it is the home of Kanpetlet Township administration body."
"Kaolack (Kawlax in Wolof) is a town of 172,305 people (2002 census) on the north bank of the Saloum River and the N1 road in Senegal.  It is the capital of the Kaolack Region, which borders The Gambia to the south.  Kaolack is an important regional market town and is Senegal's main peanut trading and processing center.  As the center of Ibrahimiyya branch of the Tijaniyyah Sufi order founded by Ibrayima Ñas, it is also a major center of Islamic education.  The Medina Baay mosque (right) in Kaolack is one of the largest and best known in Senegal. Kaolack is situated on the Saloum River about 100 kilometers from its mouth. It is the successor city to Kahone, historic capital of the kingdom of Saloum. Kahone, originally a place marked by a sacred tree on the right bank of the Saloum River facing the island of Kouyong, became capital of the mostly Sereer kingdom of Saloum in the early 16th century. In the 17th and 18th centuries it consisted of a number of distinct neighborhoods separated by open fields, each of which was under the jurisdiction of a different dignitary or official. One of these wards, Kaolack (eight km down river), was founded by two Sereer princesses from Baol. Another, Maka Kahone, was inhabited by Muslims and administered by clerics. Otherwise, the population of the town practiced traditional religion and court ceremonies centered on the river bank, Kouyong Island, and various monumental baobab trees.French interests in the Saloum River increased in the early 19th century as legitimate articles of trade were sought to replace trade in slaves. By mid-century peanut production had been introduced to the kingdom of Saloum and, with the permission of its king, a fortified factory was established by the French on the riverfront at Kaolack.Kaolack was more favorably placed for shipping than Kahone. The French laid out a first grid of lots in 1860, in what would become the city center, or ""Escale"" neighborhood.  The construction of a rail spur from the port to the Dakar-Niger line in 1911 caused the town to boom as a peanut processing and export center.  Its population grew rapidly, rising from 5,600 in 1925 to 44,000 in 1934.It is at this time that Kaolack became an important center for the Tijaniyyah Sufi order, with a first major zâwiyah, or “lodge”, opening in Leona neighborhood in 1910 and a second one opening in Madina Baye in the early 1930s.  The Tijaniyyah of Madina Baye is an international institution with disciples in many cities, including Kano, Nigeria, and Chicago, Illinois.There is a peanut oil processing plant with its own port facilities in the downstream suburb of Lyndiane, while Salt pans across the Saloum river constitute the city’s only other major industrial activityAmong Kaolack's many neighborhoods are:Lewna (Léona in French), which includes much of the city center. It includes Lewna Ñaseen (Léona Niassène in French), the headquarters of the branch of the Tijānī Islamic order founded in 1910 by Allaaji Abdulaay Ñas after his exile in Gambia.Jaleñ (Dialègne in French), between Lewna Ñaseen and Medina Mbàbba.Medina Mbàbba (Médina Mbaba in French), also called ""Medina I"", named after Baabakar Njaay, nicknamed ""Mbàbba Njaay,"" who was the Serer chief of the village when it was incorporated into Kaolack.Medina Baay (Médina Baye in French), also called ""Medina II"", on the northeast edge of the city.  It is the center of the Ibrāhīmiiya branch of the Tijānī order founded in 1930 by Allaaji Abdulaay Ñas's son, Ibrayima Ñas, known to his followers as ""Baay"" (""Father"" in Wolof).  The name in Arabic means ""The City of Baay."" Ahmad Tijani Ali Cisse is the current Grand Imam of the mosque and  the spiritual leader to the 100 million members of the Tijaniyya Sufi order in western Africa. Saam (Sam in French), west of Medina Baay in the north of Kaolack, also founded by Ibrayima Ñas.  Saam was originally designated as the fields and orchards of Ibrayima Ñas's disciples, but since the 1970s the trees have been replaced by houses. Ndoorong (Ndorong in French), west of Saam, founded by Bashiru Mbàkke and his Murid disciples. Coofog (Thiofoke in French), north of Saam, which existed before Kaolack as a Serer village ruled by the Gelwaar dynasty."
"Karachi (Sindhi: ڪراچي, Urdu: کراچی‎ / ALA-LC: Karācī IPA: [kəˈrɑːˌtʃi] (13px )) is capital of province Sindh as well as the largest and most populous metropolitan city of Pakistan and the main seaport and financial centre of the country. Karachi is also known as City of Lights mainly due to city's night life, for which it is famous as the city which never sleeps. Karachi metro has an estimated population of over 23.5 million people as of 2013, and area of approximately 3,527 km2 (1,362 sq mi), resulting in a density of more than 6,000 people per square kilometre (15,500 per square mile).Karachi is the 2nd-largest city in the world by population within city limits, the 7th largest urban agglomeration in the world and the largest city in the Muslim world. It is Pakistan's centre of banking, industry, economic activity and trade and is home to Pakistan's largest corporations, including those involved in textiles, shipping, automotive industry, entertainment, the arts, fashion, advertising, publishing, software development and medical research. The city is a hub of higher education in South Asia and the Muslim world.Karachi is also ranked as a beta world city. It was the capital of Pakistan until Islamabad was constructed as a capital to spread development evenly across the country and to prevent it from being concentrated in Karachi. Karachi is the location of the Port of Karachi and Port Bin Qasim, two of the region's largest and busiest ports. After the independence of Pakistan, the city population increased dramatically when hundreds of thousands of Muslim Muhajirs from India and from other parts of South Asia came to settle in Karachi.The city is located on the Arabian Sea coastline. It is also known as the Uroos ul Bilaad ""The Bride of the Cities"" and the ""City of Lights"", for its liveliness, and the ""City of the Quaid"", having been the birth and burial place of Quaid-e-Azam, the Great Leader, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, who made the city his home after Pakistan's independence from the British Raj on 14 August 1947. According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, In 2009 Karachi had a total GDP of $78 billion with conservative projections expecting it to rise to $193 billion in 2025."
"Karaj (Persian: کرج‎ About this sound pronunciation  pronounced [kæˈɾædʒ]) is a city in and the capital of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran. Its population was 1.61 million in the latest 2011 census, making it the fourth-largest city in Iran after Tehran, Mashhad and Isfahan. It is situated 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Tehran, at the foothills of the Alborz mountains.  The city has effectively become an extension of metropolitan Tehran.Karaj is mostly famous because of its academic and educational complexes along with tourist attractions."
"Karbala (Arabic: كربلاء‎; Karbalā’; also referred to as  Karbalā' al-Muqaddasah) is a city in Iraq, located about 100 km (62 mi) southwest of Baghdad. Karbala is the capital of Karbala Governorate, and has an estimated population of 572,300 people (2003).The city, best known as the location of the Battle of Karbala (680), is the holiest city for Shia Muslims before  Mecca and Medina and the noble sanctuary in Jerusalem. It is home to the Imam Hussein Shrine. Karbala is famous as the site of the martyrdom of Hussein ibn Ali (Imam Husayn), and commemorations are held by millions of Shias annually to remember it. Karbala is considered sacred by Shias and is believed to have great reward in migrating there."
"Kasama is the capital of the Northern Province of Zambia, situated on the central-southern African plateau at an elevation of about 1400 m. Its population, according to the 2000 census, is approximately 200,000. It grew considerably in the 1970s and 1980s after construction of the TAZARA Railway through the city, and the tarring of the Great North Road from Mpika through Kasama to Mbala. It sits at the centre of a road network which also reaches the Luapula Province in the west, Mporokoso in the north-west, Isoka in the east and Kayambi in the north-east. Consequently it is a commercial hub with banks, markets, services and an airport."
"Kassala (Italian: Cassala ) is the capital of the state of Kassala in eastern Sudan.  Its 2008 population was recorded to be 419,030. Built on the banks of the Gash River, it is a market town and is famous for its fruit gardens.  Many of its inhabitants are from the Hadendoa group, with others being of Rashaida origin.  It was formerly a railroad hub, however, as of 2006 there was no operational railway station in Kassala and much of the track leading to and from the town has been salvaged or fallen into disrepair. Kassala's location along the main Khartoum-Port Sudan highway makes it an important trade center."
"Katha (Burmese: ကသာ; MLCTS: ka. sa, pronounced and sometimes spelled, Kathar) is a town in Sagaing Region, Myanmar, on the west side of the Irrawaddy River on a bluff with an average elevation of 124 m. Most of the town is more than 10 meters above the river. Katha is known as the real setting of George Orwell's Burmese Days."
"Kathmandu (Nepali: काठमाडौं [kɑʈʰmɑɳɖu]; Nepal Bhasa: येँ देय्‌) is the capital and largest municipality of Nepal. It is the only city of Nepal with the administrative status of Mahanagar (Metropolitan City), as compared to Upa-Mahanagar (Sub-Metropolitan City) or Nagar (City). Kathmandu is the core of Nepal's largest urban agglomeration located in the Kathmandu valley consisting of Lalitpur, Kirtipur, Madhyapur Thimi, Bhaktapur and a number of smaller communities. Kathmandu is also known informally as ""KTM"" or the ""tri-city"". According to the 2011 census, Kathmandu has a population of close to 1 million people. The metropolitan area is 50.67 square kilometres (19.56 sq mi) and has a population density of 3000per km² and 17000 per km square in city.The city stands at an elevation of approximately 1,400 metres (4,600 ft) in the bowl-shaped Kathmandu Valley of central Nepal. It is surrounded by four major mountains: Shivapuri, Phulchoki, Nagarjun, and Chandragiri. Kathmandu Valley is part of three districts (Kathmandu, Lalitpur, and Bhaktapur), has the highest population density in the country, and is home to about a twelfth of Nepal's population.Historically, the Kathmandu Valley and adjoining areas were known as Nepal Mandala. Until the 15th century, Bhaktapur was its capital when two other capitals, Kathmandu and Lalitpur, were established. During the Rana and Shah eras, British historians called the valley itself ""Nepal Proper"". Today, Kathmandu is not only the capital of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, but also the headquarters of the Bagmati Zone and the Central Development Region of Nepal.Kathmandu is the gateway to tourism in Nepal. It is also the hub of the country's economy. It has the most advanced infrastructure of any urban area in Nepal, and its economy is focused on tourism, which accounted for 3.8% of Nepal's GDP in 1995–96. Tourism in Kathmandu declined thereafter during a period of political unrest, but since then has improved. In 2013, Kathmandu was ranked third among the top 10 travel destinations on the rise in the world by TripAdvisor, and ranked first in Asia.The city has a rich history, spanning nearly 2000 years, as inferred from inscriptions found in the valley. Religious and cultural festivities form a major part of the lives of people residing in Kathmandu. Most of Kathmandu's people follow Hinduism and many others follow Buddhism. There are people of other religious beliefs as well, giving Kathmandu a cosmopolitan culture. Nepali is the most commonly spoken language in the city. English is understood by Kathmandu's educated residents."
"Katima Mulilo (SiLozi: quenches the fire, referring to nearby rapids in the Zambezi) is situated in the Caprivi strip and is the capital of the Zambezi Region, Namibia's far northeast extension into central Southern Africa. It comprises two electoral constituencies, Katima Mulilo Rural and Katima Mulilo Urban. Katima Mulilo, which is sometimes shortened to just ""Katima"", had 28,362 inhabitants in 2010,It is located on the national road B8 on the banks of the Zambezi River in lush riverine vegetation with tropical birds and monkeys. The town receives an annual average rainfall of 654 millimetres (25.7 in).The nearest Namibian town to Katima Mulilo is Rundu, about 500 km away. About 40 km east of Katima Mulilo lies the settlement of Bukalo, where the road to Ngoma branches off that joins Namibia to Botswana."
"Katsina is a city (formerly a city-state), and a Local Government Area in northern Nigeria, and is the capital of Katsina State. Katsina is located some 160 miles east of the city of Sokoto, and 84 miles northwest of Kano, close to the border with Niger.  As of 2007, Katsina's estimated population was 459,022. The city is the centre of an agricultural region producing groundnuts, cotton, hides, millet and guinea corn, and also has mills for producing peanut oil and steel. The city is largely Muslim and the population of the city is mainly from the Fulani and Hausa ethnic groups. Former Nigerian President Umaru Yar'Adua was a nobleman of Katsina."
"Kaunas (/ˈkaʊnəs/; Lithuanian pronunciation: [ˈkɐʊˑn̪ɐs̪] (13px ); also see Kaunas' other names) is the second-largest city in Lithuania and has historically been a leading centre of Lithuanian economic, academic, and cultural life. Kaunas was  the biggest city and the centre of a powiat in Trakai Voivodeship of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania since 1413. In Russian Empire it was the capital of the Kovno Governorate from 1843 to 1915. It became the only temporary capital city in Europe during the Interwar period. Now it is the capital of Kaunas County, the seat of the Kaunas city municipality and the Kaunas district municipality. It is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kaunas. Kaunas is located at the confluence of the two largest Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris, and near the Kaunas Reservoir, the largest body of water entirely in Lithuania."
"Kavieng is the capital of the Papua New Guinean province of New Ireland and the largest town on the island of the same name. The town is located at Balgai Bay, on the northern tip of the island. As of 2009, it had a population of 17,248.Kavieng is the main port for New Ireland, and is both a trading and tourist destination. Several dive companies operate from the town, as the area is known for its diving, both for natural sites and wrecks dating from the Second World War. There are plane and shipwrecks in Kavieng Harbour itself, as well as several more nearby.The town is serviced by Kavieng Airport, with daily connections to Port Moresby. It lies at one end of the Boluminski Highway which runs 293 kilometres (182 mi) of sealed road to Namatanai.Kavieng has all the services one would expect from a local administrative centre: local government offices, shopping, hotels (namely the Kavieng Hotel, the Malagan Beach Resort hotel and the Kavieng Club, the former ""colonial club"" in the town), a hospital providing general medical, paediatric and surgical services, and a weekly market. There is also a large wharf for copra export on the town's edge, allowing deep-water ships to load copra and oil directly from the land.Visible from Kavieng are the many islands of the archipelago lying between New Ireland and New Hanover, including Nusa Lik, Nusa Lawa, and Nango Island, which was formerly the site of a fish cannery in the 1960s and 1970s. Nango is the site of a new marine research centre for the PNG National Fisheries Authority. Its opening was overseen by the Governor-General of PNG Mr. Paulius Matane in July 2009."
"Kawkareik (Burmese: ကော့ကရိတ်) is a town in the Kayin State of south Burma. It is the capital of Kawkareik District.  The Kawkareik Pass across the Tenasserim Hills is named after this town.In January 2009, the forces of the Karen National Union and the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army clashed outside of Kawkareik.  The DKBA set up their military command post inside the town, and although soldiers burned down several civilian houses and detained dozens of citizens in villages across the border in Thailand, Kawkareik was left intact."
"Kawthaung (Burmese: ကော့သောင်းမြို့; MLCTS: kau. saung: mrui., IPA: [kɔ̰θáʊɴ mjo̰]; Thai: เกาะสอง; RTGS: Ko Song, pronounced [kɔ̀ʔ sɔ̌ːŋ]; Malay: Pulodua, ڤولودوا) is in the southernmost part of Myanmar, located in Tanintharyi Region. During British rule in Burma between 1824 and 1948, it was known as Victoria Point."
"Kayes (Bambara Kayi, Soninké Xaayi) is a city in western Mali on the Sénégal River, with a population of 127,368 at the 2009 census.  Kayes is the capital of the administrative region of the same name.  The name ""Kayes"" comes from the Soninké word ""karré"", which describes a low humid place that floods in rainy season.  The city is located 420 kilometres (260 mi) northwest of the capital Bamako."
"Keetmanshoop is a city in Karas Region, southern Namibia, lying on the Trans-Namib Railway from Windhoek to Upington in South Africa. It is named after Johann Keetman, a German industrialist and benefactor of the city.The town is situated in a semi-arid area, normally receiving an annual average rainfall of only 152 millimetres (6.0 in), although in the 2010/2011 rainy season 254 millimetres (10.0 in) were measured."
"Kendari is the capital of the Indonesian province of Southeast Sulawesi. The city lies along Kendari Bay. Moramo Waterfall is located 65 km east of Kendari. The city has a population of 314,812 at the 2010 Census, making it the fourth-largest city in Sulawesi, behind Makassar, Manado, and Palu."
"Kengtung (Shan: ၵဵင်းတုင်; Burmese: ကျိုင်းတုံမြို့; MLCTS: kyuing: tum mrui., pronounced: [tɕáɪɴtòʊɴ mjo̰]; Thai: เชียงตุง, RTGS: Chiang Tung, pronounced [t͡ɕʰīaŋ tūŋ]; also spelled  Kyaingtong, Chiang Tung, Cheingtung, and Kengtong) is a town in Shan State, Burma. It is the principal town of Kengtung Township. Kengtung is located on the National Highway 4 (NH4) and at the AH2 and AH3 of the Asian Highway.The city is served by Kengtung Airport and it is home to the Kyaingtong Degree College.Formerly located at the crossroads of the trade between China and Siam, Kengtung lost its importance owing to the international isolation of the military-ruled Burmese state."
"Keren, formerly known as Cheren and Sanhit, is the second-largest city in Eritrea. It is situated around 91 kilometers northwest of Asmara, at an elevation of 1,390 meters from sea-level. The town sprawls on a wide basin surrounded by granitic mountains on all sides. It serves as the capital of the Anseba region, and is home to the Bilen ethnic group."
"Kerman (About this sound pronunciation ) (Persian: كرمان‎, also Romanized as Kermān, Kermun, and Kirman; also known as Carmania) is the capital city of Kerman Province, Iran.  At the 2011 census, its population was 821,374, in 221,389 households, making it the 10th most populous city of Iran.It is the largest and most developed city in the Kerman Province and the most important city in South-East Iran. It is one of the largest cities of Iran in terms of area. Kerman is famous for its long history and strong cultural heritage. The city is home to many historic mosques and Zoroastrian fire temples. Kerman is also on the list of the recent world's 1000 cleanest cities. Kerman is also a former capital of Iran, a position that it held during several periods. It is located on a large, flat plain, 1,036 km (643 mi) south of Tehran, the capital of Iran."
"Kermanshah (Kurdish:  Kirmaşan, Persian: کرمانشاه, Kermãnshãh‎; also known as Bakhtaran, Bākhtarān, Kermānshāhān and Qahremānshahr), the capital of Kermanshah Province, is located 525 kilometres (326 miles) from Tehran in the western part of Iran. According to the 2011 census, its population is 851,405. People mostly speak Southern Kurdish and Persian. Kermanshah has a moderate and mountainous climate."
"Ketapang ( Chinese: 吉打邦; pinyin: jí dǎ bāng) is the capital city of Ketapang Regency (Kabupaten Ketapang), one of the regencies of West Kalimantan province on the island of Borneo in Indonesia. Ketapang city is located at 1°51′S 109°59′E and is a small city on the delta of the Pawan River. Ketapang is served by the Ketapang Airport (Rahadi Osman Airport)."
"Khanaqin (Kurdish : Xaneqîn/خانه‌قین), (Arabic: خانقين/ Khanaqen), also transliterated as Khanakin) is a city in Iraq. It is located at 34.3°N, 45.4°E in the Diyala Governorate, near the Iranian border on a tributary of the Diyala River. Khanaqin is the administrative capital of the Khanaqin District, which comprises several cities, such as As-Sadiyah and Jalula, as well as hundreds of villages. The city is divided into two parts by the Alwand River, this river has played a significant role in land cultivation and in establishment of a strong rural society in the area."
"Khartoum (/kɑrˈtuːm/ kar-TOOM) is the capital and second largest city of the Republic of Sudan and of the Sudanese state of Khartoum. It is located at the confluence of the White Nile, flowing north from Lake Victoria, and the Blue Nile, flowing west from Ethiopia. The location where the two Niles meet is known as the ""al-Mogran"", meaning the Confluence. The main Nile continues to flow north towards Egypt and the Mediterranean Sea.Divided by the Niles, Khartoum is a tripartite metropolis with an estimated overall population of over five million people, consisting of Khartoum proper, and linked by bridges to Khartoum North called (al-Kharṭūm Baḥrī ) and Omdurman (Umm Durmān ) to the west."
"Kin-U is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar. It is the administrative seat of Khin-U Township."
"Khorramabad About this sound pronunciation  (Persian: خرم‌آباد‎ - Khorram Abād, Luri: خورمووه - Xurrmoa; also Romanized as Khorramābād, Khoramabad, Khurramabad, Khorram Abad and Khur Ramābād) is a city in and capital of Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 328,544, in 75,945 families. Khorramabad is situated in the Zagros Mountains. Khorramabad Airport is 3 km south of the city proper.The city population is predominantly Lur and Lak, although the two groups are closely related.Although not a major tourist destination, it is quite scenic and possesses several attractions, such as 5 Paleolithic cave-dwelling sites. In the city center, a tall citadel called Falak-ol-Aflak (The Heaven of Heavens), a relic of the Sassanid era, is now a nationally popular museum.Economically, it is the regional base of the agricultural industry."
"Kibaha is a city with 23050 inhabitants (2002) located in eastern Tanzania. It is the capital of Pwani Region. It is located in Kibaha District, one of the 6 districts of the Pwani Region."
"Kidal (Tuareg-Berber: ⴾⴸⵍ, Kidal) is a town and commune in the desert region of northern Mali. The town lies 285 km (177 mi) northeast of Gao and is the capital of the Kidal Cercle and the Kidal Region. The commune has an area of about 9,910 km2 (3,830 sq mi) and includes the town of Kidal and 31 other settlements.On 30 March 2012, Kidal and its military base were captured by the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad as part of the Tuareg rebellion for the independence of Azawad. A spokesman for the Malian military junta said ""To preserve the life of the people of Kidal, the military command decided not to prolong the battle"". Gao and Timbuktu were captured within the next 48 hours, and on 6 April, the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad declared the independence of Azawad from Mali. In the course of the conflict the MNLA lost their control to Islamist militias. On 30 January 2013 French and Malian forces moved into the town to bring it back under government control.On 14 December 2013, a car bombing in Kidal killed two United Nations peacekeepers.On 21 May 2014, MNLA forced government troops in Kidal to retreat after heavy fighting, capturing the military base."
"Kiel (German pronunciation: [ˈkiːl] (13px )) is the capital and most populous city in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein, with a population of 240,832 (June 2014).Kiel lies approximately 90 kilometres (56 mi) north of Hamburg. Due to its geographic location in the north of Germany, the southeast of the Jutland peninsula, and the southwestern shore of the Baltic Sea, Kiel has become one of the major maritime centres of Germany. For instance, the city is known for a variety of international sailing events, including the annual Kiel Week, which is the biggest sailing event in the world. The Olympic sailing competitions of the 1936 and the 1972 Summer Olympics were held in Kiel.Kiel has also been one of the traditional homes of the German Navy's Baltic fleet, and continues to be a major high-tech shipbuilding centre. Located in Kiel is the GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel (GEOMAR) at the University of Kiel. Kiel is an important sea transport hub, thanks to its location on the Kiel Fjord (Kieler Förde) and the busiest artificial waterway in the world, Kiel Canal (Nord-Ostsee-Kanal). A number of passenger ferries to Sweden, Norway, Russia, and other countries operate from here. Moreover, today Kiel harbour is an important port of call for cruise ships touring the Baltic Sea.In 2005 Kiel's GDP per capita was €35,618, which is well above Germany's national average, and 159% of the European Union's average.Within Germany and parts of Europe, the city is known for its leading handball team, THW Kiel. The city is home to the University of Kiel (established in 1665).The name of the city is most likely derived from the wedge form of its bay (Keil in German)."
"Kiev (/ˈkiːɛf, -ɛv/) or Kyiv (Ukrainian: Київ [ˈkɪjiw] (13px ); Russian: Киев [ˈkʲiɪf]) is the capital and largest city of Ukraine, located in the north central part of the country on the Dnieper River. The population in July 2013 was 70062847200000000002,847,200 (though higher estimated numbers have been cited in the press), making Kiev the 8th largest city in Europe.Kiev is an important industrial, scientific, educational, and cultural centre of Eastern Europe. It is home to many high-tech industries, higher education institutions and world-famous historical landmarks. The city has an extensive infrastructure and highly developed system of public transport, including the Kiev Metro.The city's name is said to derive from the name of Kyi, one of its four legendary founders (see Name, below). During its history, Kiev, one of the oldest cities in Eastern Europe, passed through several stages of great prominence and relative obscurity. The city probably existed as a commercial centre as early as the 5th century. A Slavic settlement on the great trade route between Scandinavia and Constantinople, Kiev was a tributary of the Khazars, until seized by the Varangians (Vikings) in the mid-9th century. Under Varangian rule, the city became a capital of the Kievan Rus', the first East Slavic state. Completely destroyed during the Mongol invasion in 1240, the city lost most of its influence for the centuries to come. It was a provincial capital of marginal importance in the outskirts of the territories controlled by its powerful neighbours; first the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, followed by Poland and Russia.The city prospered again during the Russian Empire's Industrial Revolution in the late 19th century. In 1917, after the Ukrainian National Republic declared independence from the Russian Empire, Kiev became its capital. From 1919 Kiev was an important center of the Armed Forces of South Russia and was controlled by the White Army. From 1921 onwards Kiev was a city of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, which was proclaimed by the Red Army, and, from 1934, Kiev was its capital. During World War II, the city again suffered significant damage, but quickly recovered in the post-war years, remaining the third largest city of the Soviet Union.Following the collapse of the Soviet Union and Ukrainian independence in 1991, Kiev remained the capital of Ukraine and experienced a steady migration influx of ethnic Ukrainians from other regions of the country.  During the country's transformation to a market economy and electoral democracy, Kiev has continued to be Ukraine's largest and richest city. Kiev's armament-dependent industrial output fell after the Soviet collapse, adversely affecting science and technology. But new sectors of the economy such as services and finance facilitated Kiev's growth in salaries and investment, as well as providing continuous funding for the development of housing and urban infrastructure. Kiev emerged as the most pro-Western and pro-democracy region of Ukraine where parties advocating tighter integration with the European Union dominate during elections."
"Kiffa is a city and department in south-central Mauritania. Kiffa is capital of Assaba Region. It is located at around 16.63°N 11.4°W﻿ / 16.63; -11.4, at the western end of the Aoukar.It is famous for its antique Kiffa beads.Nearby is Kiffa Airport."
"Kigali, with population of more than 1 million (2012), is the capital and largest city of Rwanda. It is situated near the geographic centre of the nation. The city has been the economic, cultural, and transport hub of Rwanda since it became capital at independence in 1962. The main residence and offices of the President of Rwanda are located in the city, as are the government ministries. The city is coterminous with the province of Kigali City, which was enlarged in January 2006, as part of local government reorganisation in the country. The city's urban area covers about 70% of the municipal boundaries."
"Kigoma is a town and lake port in western Tanzania, on the eastern shore of Lake Tanganyika and close to the border with Burundi. It serves as the capital for the surrounding Kigoma Region and has a population of 135,234 (2007 census) and an elevation of 775 m.The historic trading town of Ujiji is 6 km south-east of Kigoma."
"Kimberley  is the capital of the Northern Cape Province of South Africa. It is located approximately 110 km east of the confluence of the Vaal and Orange Rivers. The city has considerable historical significance due to its diamond mining past and the siege during the Second Boer War.  Notable personalities such as Cecil Rhodes and Barney Barnato made their fortunes here, and the roots of the De Beers company can also be traced to the early days of the mining town."
"Kindia is the third largest city in Guinea, lying about 85 miles north east of the nation's capital Conakry. Population 181,126 (2008 est)."
"Kingston is a Canadian city located in Eastern Ontario where the St. Lawrence River flows out of Lake Ontario.Growing European exploration in the 17th century and the desire for the Europeans to establish a presence close to local Native occupants to control trade led to the founding of a French trading post known as Fort Frontenac in 1673. The fort became a focus for settlement.Located midway between Toronto and Montreal, Kingston was named the first capital of the Province of Canada on February 15, 1841, by Governor Lord Sydenham. While its time as a political centre was short, Kingston has remained an important military installation.Kingston was the county seat of Frontenac County until 1998. Kingston is a separated municipality from the County of Frontenac. According to the 2011 Canadian census, the population of the city proper was 123,363, while the population of the census metropolitan area (CMA) was 159,561.Kingston is nicknamed the ""Limestone City"" because of the many heritage buildings constructed using local limestone."
"Kinshasa (/kɪnˈʃɑːzə/ or /-ˈʃɑːsə/; formerly French Léopoldville, and Dutch About this sound Leopoldstad ) is the capital and the largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is located on the Congo River.Once a site of fishing villages, Kinshasa is now an urban area with a 2013 population of over 9 million. It faces the capital of the neighbouring Republic of Congo, Brazzaville, which can be seen in the distance across the wide Congo River. The city of Kinshasa is also one of the DRC's 11 provinces. Because the administrative boundaries of the city-province cover a vast area, over 90% of the city-province's land is rural in nature, and the urban area only occupies a small section in the far western end of the city-province.Kinshasa is the third largest urban area in Africa after Cairo and Lagos. It is also the second largest ""francophone"" urban area in the world after Paris, French being the language of government, schools, newspapers, public services and high-end commerce in the city, while Lingala is used as a lingua franca in the street. If current demographic trends continue, Kinshasa should surpass Paris in population around 2020. Kinshasa hosted the 14th Francophonie Summit in October 2012.Residents of Kinshasa are known as Kinois (in French and sometimes in English) or Kinshasans (English)."
"Kirkuk (also spelled Karkuk or Kerkuk, Arabic: كركوك karkūk‎, Kurdish: Kerkûk/کەرکووک,) is a city in the north of Iraq, 236 kilometres (147 mi) north of, Baghdad, and 83 kilometres (52 miles) south of Erbil. It is the capital of Kirkuk Governorate.Kirkuk lies in a wide zone with an enormously diverse population, which has moreover experienced dramatic demographic changes in the course of the twentieth century. The city has been multilingual for centuries, and the development of distinct ethnic groups was a process that took place over the course of Kirkuk's urbanization in the twentieth century. Kurds, Turkmen, Assyrians and Arabs lay conflicting claims to this zone, and all have their historical accounts and memories to buttress their claims.The city sits on the site of the ancient Hurrian southern capital of Arrapha,which sits near the Khasa River on the ruins of a 5,000-year-old settlement (Kirkuk Citadel). It became known as Arrapha under the domination of the Hurrians—pre-Aryan peoples. The city reached great importance again under the later, but short-lived Assyrians in the 10th and 11th centuries BC. Because of the strategic geographical location of the city, Kirkuk was the battle ground for three empires—the Neo-Assyrian Empire, Babylonia, and Media—which controlled the city at various times.Kurds and Turkmens have claimed the city as a cultural capital. It was named the ""capital of Iraqi culture"" by the Iraqi ministry of culture in 2010. The city currently consists mainly of people who self-identify as Arabs, Assyrians, Iraqi Turkmens and Kurds."
"Kisumu is a port city in Kisumu County, Kenya at 1,131 m (3,711 ft), with a population of 409,928 (2009 census). It is the third largest city in Kenya, the principal city of western Kenya, the immediate former capital of Nyanza Province and the headquarters of Kisumu County. It has a municipal charter but no city charter. It is the largest city in Nyanza region and second most important city after Kampala in the greater Lake Victoria basin.The port was founded in 1901 as the main inland terminal of the Uganda Railway and named Port Florence. Although trade stagnated in the 1980s and 1990s, it is again growing around oil exports.Kisumu literally means a place of barter trade ""sumo"". The city has ""Friendship"" status with Cheltenham, UK and ""sister city"" status with Roanoke, Virginia and Boulder, Colorado, USA."
"Knin (pronounced [knîːn]) is a town in the Šibenik-Knin County of Croatia, located in the Dalmatian hinterland near the source of the river Krka, an important traffic junction on the rail and road routes between Zagreb and Split. Knin rose to prominence twice in history, as a one-time capital of both the medieval Kingdom of Croatia and briefly of the self-proclaimed Republic of Serbian Krajina at the end of the 20th century."
"Koani is a city located on the Tanzanian island of Unguja (Zanzibar). The city serves as capital of the Zanzibar Central/South region."
"Koh Kong (Khmer: ក្រុងកោះកុង, also romanized as Kaoh Kong) (transliterated as Krong Koh Kong) is the capital of Koh Kong Province in Cambodia. It is located near the mouth of the Kah Bpow river in Smach Mean Chey district on the Gulf of Thailand. The city lies only 10 kilometres from the Thai border. However, it is 138 kilometres by Highway 48 to National Highway 4 at Sre Ambel and a further 133 kilometres to Phnom Penh. After the completion of the bridges on the Highway 48 in 2007 - 2010 the terrestrial link to Phnom Penh and Sihanoukville has significantly improved."
"Kolda is a city located in southern Senegal. It is the capital city of Kolda Region, a region known historically and popularly as Haute Casamance."
"Kon Tum is the capital town of Kon Tum Province in Vietnam. It is located inland in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam, near the borders with Laos and Cambodia."
"Kota Kinabalu (Malaysian pronunciation: [ˈkota kinaˈbalu], Jawi: کوتا کينا بالو‎, Chinese: 亚庇; pinyin: Yàbì) formerly known as Jesselton, is the capital of the state of Sabah, located in East Malaysia. It is also the capital of the West Coast Division of Sabah. The city is located along the northwest coast of Borneo facing the South China Sea. The Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park lies on its west and Mount Kinabalu, which gave the city its name, is located towards the east. Kota Kinabalu has a population of 452,058 and, including the adjacent Penampang and Putatan district, the metro area has an estimated population of 628,725.Kota Kinabalu is often known as KK in Malaysia and internationally. It is a major fishing destination and a popular gateway for travellers visiting Sabah and Borneo. Kinabalu National Park is located about 90 kilometres from the city and there are many tourist attractions in and around the city. Kota Kinabalu is also one of the major industrial and commercial centres of East Malaysia. These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia."
"Koulikoro is a town and urban commune in Mali. The capital of the Koulikoro Region, Koulikoro is located on banks of the Niger River, 59 kilometres (37 mi) downstream from Mali's capital Bamako.Koulikoro is the terminus of the Dakar-Niger Railway which was completed in 1905. Between August and November, at the end of the rainy season, goods are transported down the Niger River to Ségou, Mopti, Tombouctou and Gao. Navigation is not possible upstream of Koulikoro because of the Sotuba Rapids near Bamako."
"Kroonstad (Dutch for Crown City, pronounced [krūn'stät]) is the third-largest town in the Free State province of South Africa, and lies two hours drive from Gauteng. Kroonstad was established in 1855 by the Irish pioneer Joseph Orpen, and was the first town founded after the independence of the Orange Free State. While ""Kroon"" means crown, this was in fact the name of a horse that had drowned in the nearby ford. A lover of animals, Orpen had witnessed the incident, and named the infant settlement in honour of the unfortunate creature. Similarly, the ford in question came to be known as Kroondrift.During the Second Boer War, from 13 March to 11 May 1900, the town became the capital of the Orange Free State, and subsequently the site of a British concentration camp to accommodate Boer women and children.It is the second largest urban center in the Northern Free State, and an important railway junction on the main line from Cape Town to Johannesburg."
"Kuantan is the state capital of Pahang, the third largest state in Malaysia. It is near the mouth of the Kuantan River and faces the South China Sea. If one measures the distance along the east coast of Peninsular Malaysia, it is located roughly halfway between Singapore and Kota Bharu. Kuantan is the ninth largest city in Malaysia.The National Physical Plan 2005 identified Kuantan as one of the future growth centres and a hub for trade, commerce, transportation and tourism. Kuantan is considered the social, economic and commercial hub for the East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia due to its strategic location. Rapid development has transformed and modernised Kuantan. Since 2005, Kuantan has had many development projects, including Putra Square, Mahkota Square, Bukit Gambang Water Resort, Kuantan Sentral, Pahang Tech Park and Kuantan Port City under the Kuantan District Locality Plan 2004-2015. Recently, the introduction of Malaysia's first Special Economic Zone (SEZ) at Kuantan is designed to boost the regional economy, tourism and growth. In an effort to catalyse the growth of the Kuantan Metropolitan Precinct, the government has sited a petroleum manufacturing area in Pekan, a neighbouring town."
"Kuito (also Cuito) is a city located in central Angola. It is the administrative capital of Bié Province.  Under Portuguese rule until 1975, it was called Silva Porto.  Kuito was under siege in 1993/94 and again in 1998/99 by the rebel forces from UNITA.  Many buildings in Kuito are still heavily damaged as a result of these sieges."
"Kumasi (historically spelled Comassie or Coomassie) is a city in Ashanti Region, South Ghana and is among the largest metropolitan areas of Ghana. Kumasi is located near Lake Bosumtwi, in a Rain Forest region, and is the commercial, industrial and cultural capital of Asanteman. Kumasi is approximately 300 miles (480 km) north of the Equator and 100 miles (160 km) north of the Gulf of Guinea. Kumasi is alternatively known as ""The Garden City"" because of its many beautiful species of flowers and plants. It is also called Oseikrom."
"Kundiawa is the capital of Simbu Province, Papua New Guinea, with a population of 8,147 (2000 Census). It lies along the Highlands Highway approximately halfway between Goroka and Mount Hagen, respectively the capitals of the Eastern Highlands and Western Highlands provinces.It is a relatively small town, containing a bank, a police station, one of the few airports in the province, several stores, a hospital, a post office, a second-hand market, two food markets and several churches. The Highlands Highway is the only paved road that leads out of it, but there are several smaller, unpaved roads, including one of the roads to Mount Wilhelm.Kundiawa is the centre of activity for people who are formally employed (which is a relatively small minority, because most people farm) but also for people who want to sell the coffee that they have grown, or to catch PMVs (public motor vehicles) to other towns. The busiest time in Kundiawa is every other Friday afternoon, because this is when everyone gets paid.The Wahgi River runs along one side of Kundiawa, and the Simbu River, which runs on and becomes the Wahgi, flows along the other side. The terrain around Kundiawa is very steep and mountainous, and many people walk several kilometres each way to get to Kundiawa from their villages because they don't have access to roads. These rugged terrains prevent people from having an elaborate commercial agriculture. However, they are known for their skilled cultivation on these very steep, sloping terrains.  Their main foods are sweet potato, taro, banana, and sugar cane. Coffee is the main cash crop.There are different ethnic-linguistic groups, Dom, Bomai, Golin and Kuman. The most spoken language is the Kuman with more than 115,000 speakers. Kuman is understood and spoken by almost all the different ethnic groups.England wicketkeeper Geraint Jones was born in Kundiawa."
"Kunhing (Kunhein) is located in Kunhing Township in the middle part of southern Shan state, Myanmar. The name Kunhein refers to ""a thousand island"" in the local Shan language."
"Kunming is the capital and largest city in Yunnan Province, Southwest China. Known as Yunnan-Fu (云南府, Yúnnánfǔ) until the 1920s, today it is a prefecture-level city and the political, economic, communications and cultural centre of the province as well as the seat of the provincial government. Kunming is also called the Spring city due to its weather. The city is also home to several universities, museums, galleries and other important economic, cultural, and educational institutions. The headquarters of many of Yunnan's large businesses are in Kunming as well. It was important during World War II as a Chinese military center, American air base, and transport terminus for the Burma Road. Located in the middle of the Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau, Kunming is located at an altitude of 1,900 metres (6,234 feet) above sea level and at a latitude just north of the Tropic of Cancer. It covers an area of 21,473 square kilometres (8,291 sq mi) and its urban area covers 2,622 square kilometres (1,012 sq mi). Kunming has population of 6,432,212, including 3,583,429 in the built-up area made up of 4 urban and 1 suburban districts, and is located at the northern edge of the large Lake Dian, surrounded by temples and lake-and-limestone hill landscapes.Kunming consists of an old, previously walled city, a modern commercial district, residential and university areas. The city has an astronomical observatory, and its institutions of higher learning include Yunnan University, Yunnan Normal University and a medical college. On the outskirts is a famed bronze temple, dating from the Ming dynasty.Its economic importance derives from its geographical position. Positioned near the border with Southeastern Asian countries, serving as a transportation hub in Southwest China, linking by rail to Vietnam and by road to Burma and Laos. This positioning also makes it an important trade center in this region of the nation. It also houses some manufacturing, chiefly copper, though some other chemicals, machinery, textiles, paper and cement take key. Though having a nearly 2,400 year history, its modern prosperity dates only from 1910, when the railway from Hanoi was built. The city has continued to develop rapidly under China's modernization efforts. Kunming's streets have widened while office buildings and housing projects develop at a fast pace. Kunming has been designated a special tourism center and as such sports a proliferation of high-rises and luxury hotels."
"Not to be confused with Tanjung Kupang in JohoreKupang (Indonesian : Kota Kupang, Indonesian pronunciation: [ˈkupaŋ] ; Dutch spelling: Koepang) is capital of the Indonesian province of East Nusa Tenggara, and its estimated 2011 population was 349,344. It is the biggest city and port on the island of Timor."
"Kurunegala (Sinhala: කුරුණෑගල, Tamil: குருநாகல்) is a major city in Sri Lanka. It is the capital city of the North Western Province, Sri Lanka, and the Kurunegala District. Kurunegala was also an ancient royal capital for 50 years, from the end of the 13th century to the start of the 14th century. Kurunegala is located at the junction of several main roads linking to other important parts of the country. It is situated about 94 km from Colombo, and 42 km from Kandy. Located at an altitude of 116 meters above sea level, Kurunegala is surrounded by coconut plantations and rubber estates. There are eight very noticeable large rocks that encircle and dominate the city. Kurunegala's rocks rise from the plain below and have characteristic names, six of which come from the animals that they are imagined to represent. The largest among them is Ethagala or the ""Elephant Rock"" (though the translation is actually Tusker), reaches 325 meters. The shape of Ethagala resembles an Elephant."
"Al-Kūt (Arabic: الكوت‎; BGN: Al Kūt; also spelled Kut al-Imara or Kut El Amara; Kurdish: Kût; Turkish: Kut'ül Ammare or Kut) is a city in eastern Iraq, on the left bank of the Tigris River, about 160 kilometres (99 miles) south east of Baghdad.  As of 2003 the estimated population is about 374,000 people. It is the capital of the province long known as Al Kut, but since the 1960s renamed Wasit.The old town of Kut is within a sharp ""U"" bend of the river, almost making it an island but for a narrow connection to the shore. For centuries Kut was a regional center of the carpet trade. The area around Kut is a fertile cereal grain growing region. The Baghdad Nuclear Research Facility, looted following the 2003 invasion of Iraq, is located near Kut.The Kut Barrage was constructed in the city in the 1930s to provide irrigation water for the surrounding area. The barrage supports a road and includes a lock for boats passing up and down the Tigris. Its purpose is to maintain a sufficiently high water level in the Tigris to provide water for the Gharraf irrigation canal.In 1952, 26,440 hectares (65,300 acres) were irrigated from water provided by the Gharraf Canal. Of this newly reclaimed land, 14,080 hectares (34,800 acres) was distributed to small farmers as part of a social land reform program. These farmers received 10 hectares (25 acres) per family and were required to live on the land they farmed. In 2005, repairs and maintenance works were carried out at the Kut Barrage and the Gharraf Head Regulator for a total cost of US$3 million."
"Kutkai is a town and seat of Kutkai Township,  in the Shan State of eastern-central Burma. It lies along National Highway 3, approximately 24 kilometres to the north of Lashio ."
"Kyaikmaraw (Burmese: ကျိုက်မရောမြို့; Mon: ကျာ်မြဟ် /caik pəròh/) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar."
"Kyaikto (Burmese: ကျိုက်ထိုမြို့; Mon: ကျာ်ထဝ်) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar. It is part of the Kyaikto Township in Thaton District. It is the nearest town to the Kyaiktiyo Pagoda (or the Golden Rock), a famous landmark in Myanmar."
"Kyaukpadaung (Burmese: ကျောက်ပန်းတောင်း မြို့ [tɕaʊʔ bə dáʊɴ mjo̰]) is a town in Mandalay Region in Central Myanmar. It lies just southwest of Mount Popa. It is the administrative seat for Kyaukpadaung Township."
"Kyaukse (Burmese: ကျောက်ဆည် မြို့, pronounced: [tɕaʊʔ sʰɛ̀ mjo̰]) is a small town in Mandalay Region, Myanmar. It is famous for the Kyaukse Elephant Dance."
"Kyauktaw (Burmese: ကျောက်တော်မြို့နယ် [tɕaʊʔtɔ̀ mjo̰]) is a town in the north Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar. The famous Mahamuni Buddha Image was situated near Kyauktaw, in the ruins of the old city of Dhanyawadi.Kyauktaw has many sugar mills and sugar-cane plantations.The Kispanadi Bridge is located at the entrance to Kyauktaw, traversing the Kaladan River."
"Kyaunggon (Burmese: ကျောင်းကုန်းမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Kyaunggon Township in the Pathein District."
"Kyonpyaw (Burmese: ကျုံပျော်မြို့) is a town in the Ayeyawady Division of Myanmar. It is the seat of Kyonpyaw Township."
"Kyoto (京都市, Kyōto-shi, pronounced [kʲoːꜜto.ɕi] (13px ); UK /kɪˈoʊtoʊ/, US /kiˈoʊ-/, or /ˈkjoʊ-/; formerly known as Meaco) is a city located in the central part of the island of Honshu, Japan. It has a population close to 1.5 million. Formerly the imperial capital of Japan for more than one thousand years, it is now the capital city of Kyoto Prefecture located in the Kansai region, as well as a major part of the Kyoto-Osaka-Kobe metropolitan area. One historical nickname for the city is the City of Ten Thousand Shrines."
"Kyunhla (Burmese: ကျွန်းလှ) is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division in north-western  Burma (Myanmar) about 70 kilometres east of Mawlaik. It is the administrative center of Kyunhla Township."
"Nuestra Señora de La Paz (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈnwes.tɾa seˈɲoɾa ðe la pas]; English: Our Lady of Peace; Aymara: Chuquiago Marka or Chuqiyapu), commonly known as La Paz (/lɑː ˈpɑːz/; Spanish pronunciation: [la ˈpas]), is Bolivia's third most-populous city, the seat of the country's government and the capital of La Paz Department. It is located on the western side of Bolivia at an elevation of roughly 3,650 m (11,975 ft) above sea level.It is, de facto, the world's highest administrative capital. While the official capital of Bolivia (and its seat of justice) is Sucre, La Paz has more government departments.The city sits in a bowl surrounded by the high mountains of the altiplano. As it grew, the city of La Paz climbed the hills, resulting in varying elevations from 3,200 to 4,100 m (10,500 to 13,500 ft). Overlooking the city is towering triple-peaked Illimani, which is always snow-covered and can be seen from many parts of the city, including from the neighboring city of El Alto. As of the 2008 census, the city had a population of 877,363.La Paz Metropolitan area, formed by the cities of La Paz, El Alto, and Viacha, make the most populous urban area of Bolivia, with a population of 2.3 million inhabitants and surpassing the metropolitan area of Santa Cruz de la Sierra."
"La Paz (About this sound la ˈpas , Peace) is the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California Sur and an important regional commercial center. The city had a 2010 census population of 215,178 people, but its metropolitan population is somewhat larger because of surrounding towns such as el Centenario, el Zacatal and San Pedro. Its surrounding municipality, which is the fourth-largest municipality in Mexico in geographical size, reported a population of 251,871 persons living on a land area of 20,275 km2 (7,828 sq mi)."
"La Plata is the capital city of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and of the partido de La Plata. According to the 2001 census [INDEC], it has a population of 740,369 and its metropolitan area has 894,253 inhabitants.La Plata was planned and developed to serve as the provincial capital after the city of Buenos Aires was federalized in 1880, and it was officially founded by Governor Dardo Rocha on 19 November 1882. Its construction is fully documented in photographs by Tomás Bradley Sutton. La Plata was renamed Eva Perón City (Ciudad Eva Perón) between 1952 and 1955.The city is home to two important football (soccer) teams: Estudiantes de La Plata, that plays in the first division, and Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, who ascended back to first division in 2013."
"La Rioja is the capital city of the Argentine province of La Rioja, located in the east of the province. The city has a population of almost 150,000 according to the 2001 census [INDEC].La Rioja is located on the foot of the Velasco Sierras, 1,167 km (725 mi) from Buenos Aires, and 430 km (267 mi) from Córdoba.Former president Isabel Martínez de Perón was born in La Rioja. Another former president, Carlos Menem, was born nearby."
"Labutta or Latputta is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Labutta Township and the Labutta District.In 2008 Labutta was heavily damaged by Cyclone Nargis."
"Lae,(/ˈlæɪ/)  is the capital of Morobe Province and is the second-largest city in Papua New Guinea. It is located at the start of the Highlands Highway, which is the main land transport corridor from the Highlands region to the coast and near the delta of the Markham River. Lae is the largest cargo port of the country and is the industrial city for Papua New Guinea. The city is known as the Garden City and home of the University of Technology."
"For the town in Mali see Lafia, MaliLafia is a town in central Nigeria. It is the capital city of Nasarawa State and has a population of 330,712 inhabitants according to the 2006 census results. It is the largest town in Nasarawa state."
"Lagos (/ˈlɑːɡoʊs/ /ˈleɪɡɒs/ LAY-gos),  is the most populous city in Nigeria, the second fastest-growing city in Africa and the seventh in the world.The population of Lagos according to the Lagos State Government was 17.5 million, a number disputed by the Nigerian Government and judged unreliable by the National Population Commission of Nigeria. The latest reports estimate the population at 21 million, making Lagos the largest city in Africa.Lagos is a port which originated on islands separated by creeks, such as Lagos Island, fringing the southwest mouth of Lagos Lagoon while protected from the Atlantic Ocean by barrier islands and long sand spits such as Bar Beach, which stretch up to 100 kilometres (62 miles) east and west of the mouth. From the beginning, Lagos has expanded on the mainland west of the lagoon and the conurbation, including Ikeja (which is the capital of Lagos State) and Agege, now reaches more than 40 kilometres (25 miles) north-west of Lagos Island. Some suburbs include Ikorodu, Epe and Badagry, and more local councils have recently been created, bringing the total number of local governments in Lagos to 57 (This includes Local Community Development Areas or LCDAs)."
"Lahe  (Burmese: လဟယ်မြို့) is a town in Naga Hills of Sagaing Division on the northwest frontier of Burma. It will now be grouped together with Leshi and Nanyun in Naga Self-Administered Zone under the new 2008 Constitution of the military regime.The Naga New Year Festival is held on 15 January, and Lahe, Leshi, Hkamti and Nanyun hosted it in rotation until it became state-sponsored for the benefit of tourism and limited to Leshi and Lahe since 2003 during the time of the ousted prime minister Khin Nyunt.Naga insurgents fighting against the Indian government have bases in the border area inside Burma. The Burmese army have launched offensives against these camps in recent years following top level meetings between the two countries."
"Lahore (/ləˈhɔər/; Punjabi: لہور ALA-LC: Lahor Punjabi pronunciation: [ləhoːr] (13px ); Urdu: لاہور‎ ALA-LC: Lāhor IPA: [lɑːhoːr]) is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab and the second largest metropolitan area in the country. It is the largest native Punjabi-populated city in the world and an important historical center in South Asia. With a rich history dating back over a millennium, Lahore is a main cultural center of Punjab region and Pakistan. One of the most densely populated cities in the world, Lahore remains an economic, political, transportation, entertainment, and educational hub. It is referred to as the ""Mughal City of Gardens"" due to the historic presence of gardens in and around the city dating back to the Mughal period.Lahore successively served as a regional capital of the empires of the Shahi kingdoms in the 11th century, the Ghaznavids in the 12th century, the Ghurid State in the 12th and 13th centuries and the Mughal Empire in the 16th century. From 1802 to 1849, Lahore served as the capital city of the Sikh Empire. In the mid-19th and early 20th century, Lahore was the capital of the Punjab region under the British Raj. The traditional capital of Punjab for a millennium, Lahore was the cultural centre of the northern Indian subcontinent which extends from the eastern banks of the Indus River to New Delhi. Mughal structures such as the Badshahi Mosque, the Lahore Fort, Shalimar Gardens, the mausolea of Jehangir and Nur Jahan, Chauburji Gate, and the walled city are some of the major tourist attractions in the city. Lahore is also home to many British colonial structures built in the Indo-Saracenic style, such as the Lahore High Court, the General Post Office, Lahore Museum, Lahore Railway Station, and many older universities and colleges including the University of the Punjab, Govt College and King Edward Medical University. The Lahore Zoo, thought to be the fourth oldest in the world, is also situated here.Lahore is referred to as the cultural heart of Pakistan as it hosts most of the arts, cuisine, festivals, music, film-making, gardening and intelligentsia of the country. Lahore has always been a centre for publications, where 80 percent of Pakistan's books are published and remains the foremost centre of literary, educational and cultural activity in Pakistan. It is also an important religious centre as it is home to hundreds of temples, mosques, churches and shrines like Data Durbar Complex.According to the 1998 census, Lahore's population was 6,319,000. In July 2014, Index Mundi put the population of the city at 7,566,000. An estimate in July 2014 gave the population of the Lahore agglomeration as 9,700,000. It is ranked 42 in the most populated urban areas in the world and the 8th largest city within the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation. The area of Lahore has almost doubled in the last 12 to 14 years. In 2010, Lahore was ranked as a Gamma+ world city. The Guardian has rated Lahore as the 2nd best tourist destination in Pakistan after Taxila."
"Lancaster (/ˈlænkæstər/, local /ˈlæŋkɨstər/; Pennsylvania Dutch: Lengeschder) is a city located in South Central Pennsylvania which serves as the seat of Pennsylvania's Lancaster County and one of the older inland towns in the United States, (along with Springfield, Massachusetts; Petersburg, Virginia; Schenectady, New York, and several other early settlements). With a population of 59,322, it ranks eighth in population among Pennsylvania's cities.  The Lancaster metropolitan area population is 507,766, making it the 101st largest metropolitan area in the US and 2nd largest in the South Central Pennsylvania area.The city's primary industries include healthcare, tourism, public administration, manufacturing, both professional and semi-professional services, and home of the Park City Center shopping mall, the largest indoor retail facility in the region. Lancaster is known for its innovative adoption of advanced technology and hosts more electronic public CCTV outdoor cameras per capita than any other US city, despite controversy among residents.  Lancaster was home to James Buchanan, the nation's 15th president, and to congressman and abolitionist Thaddeus Stevens."
"Langsa is a city in Aceh, Indonesia. The city covers an area of 262.41 square kilometres and according to the 2000 census had a population of 117,256 people.Langsa is located approximately 400 miles from the city of Banda Aceh, the province's capital. Langsa is close to its province's southern border and less than 200 miles from Medan, the capital city of North Sumatra. This makes Langsa a strategic city for trade and traffic between the two provinces.There are several universities in the city of Langsa. Among them are University Samudra of Langsa and STAIN Zawiyah Cot Kala, Campus LP3I. The city hosts several schools of nursing and midwifery, including the Academy of Nursing of ""Harapan Ibu"", the Academy of Nursing ""Yayaysan Cut Nyak Dien"" and the Academy of Nursing ""UMMI""."
"Lashio (Burmese: လားရှိုးမြို့; MLCTS: la hri: mrui., IPA: [láʃó mjo̰]; Shan: လႃႈသဵဝ်ႈ) is the largest town in northern Shan State, Myanmar, about 200 kilometres (120 mi) northeast of Mandalay. It is situated on a low mountain spur overlooking the valley of the Nam Yao river. Loi Leng, the highest mountain of the Shan Hills, is located 45 km to the southeast of Lashio.Lashio is the administrative center of Lashio Township and Lashio District. before April/2010, it was also the administrative center of Shan State (North). The population grew from around 5000 in 1960 to 88,590 in 1983. It is currently estimated at around 130,000.The population is made up of mostly Shan, Chinese and Burmans."
"Latacunga is a plateau town of Ecuador, capital of the Cotopaxi Province, 89 km (55 mi) south of Quito, near the confluence of the Alaques and Cutuchi rivers to form the Patate, the headstream of the Pastaza. At the time of census 2010 Latacunga had 98,355 inhabitants, largely mestizo and indigenous.Latacunga took its independence from Spain on November 11, 1820.Latacunga is an hour and half south from Quito on the Pan-American Highway. It was previously also on the old road from Quito to Guayaquil, and has a railway station  between those cities. It is 9,055 ft (2,760 m). above sea level. Its climate is cold and windy, due to the neighboring snowclad heights, and the barren, pumice-covered tableland on which it stands.  The active volcano Cotopaxi is only 25 km. away, and the town has suffered repeatedly from eruptions.  Founded in 1534, it was four times destroyed by earthquakes between 1698 and 1798.  The neighboring ruins of an older native town are said to date from the Incas Empire.Latacunga's most noted food is chugchucaras, empanadas, plantains, popcorn, and tostado (a type of toasted corn.)  Often mixed with ají, a type of condiment that can be mild to very spicy depending on how it's prepared.The Latacunga economy is dependent on agriculture, and floriculture. It has an international airport, the Cotopaxi International Airport, that is not used for international passenger use, but as an Air Force base and some special commercial flights.  The local volcanic activity has led to the accumulation of pumice deposits which are currently mined, as well as the presence of natural sparkling water, which is bottled under the brand name San Felipe.The airplane scene in the film Maria Full of Grace was filmed out of the Latacunga airport using local extras. The landscape seen from the plane is the area surrounding Latacunga."
"Lawksawk (Burmese: Yatsawk or Yatsauk; Shan: လွၵ်ႉၸွၵ်ႇ) is a town in Shan State, Myanmar. It is the principal town and administrative center of Lawksawk Township. The town is located along an oxbow lake of the Zawgyi River at an altitude of 910 meters. Lawksawk is about 48 kilometres (30 mi) north of Taunggyi, or 70 kilometres (43 mi) by road on National Route 43.It was the historical capital of Lawksawk State."
"Leeuwarden (Dutch: [ˈleːʋ.ɑrdə(n)] (13px ), Stadsfries: Liwwadden, Frisian: Ljouwert, pronounced [ˈʎɔːw(ə)t]) is the capital city of the Dutch province of Friesland. It is situated in the northern part of the country."
"Lelystad (Dutch: [ˈleːlistɑt] (13px )) is a municipality and a city in the centre of the Netherlands, and it is the capital of the province of Flevoland. The city, built on reclaimed land, was founded in 1967 and was named after Cornelis Lely, who engineered the Afsluitdijk, making the reclamation possible. Lelystad is approximately 3 m (9.8 ft) below sea level."
"Leticia (Spanish pronunciation: [leˈtisja]) is the southernmost city in  the Republic of Colombia, capital of the department of Amazonas, Colombia's southernmost town (4.09° south 69.57° west) and one of the major ports on the Amazon river. It has an elevation of 96 meters above sea level and an average temperature of 27 °C (80.6 °F). Leticia has long been Colombia's shipping point for tropical fishes for the aquarium trade. Leticia has approximately 33,000 inhabitants on the left bank of the Amazon river, and is located at the point where Colombia, Brazil and Peru come together in an area called Tres Fronteras. A long standing border dispute involving Leticia, between Colombia and Peru, was decided in 1934 by the League of Nations after these two nations were engulfed in an armed conflict known as the Colombia-Peru War. This was the first instance of action by an international body using its powers covered by the Monroe Doctrine."
"Lewe is a town in the Naypyidaw Union Territory of central Myanmar."
"Lhasa (/ˈlɑːsə/; Tibetan: ལྷ་ས་, Wylie: lha sa, ZYPY: Lhasa, [l̥ásə] or [l̥ɜ́ːsə]; simplified Chinese: 拉萨; traditional Chinese: 拉薩; pinyin: Lāsà; sometimes spelled Lasa) is the administrative capital of Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It is the second most populous city on the Tibetan Plateau after Xining and, at an altitude of 3,490 metres (11,450 ft), Lhasa is one of the highest cities in the world. The city contains many culturally significant Tibetan Buddhist sites such as the Potala Palace, Jokhang temple and Norbulingka palaces, many of which are located in Chengguan District, the city seat."
"Lhokseumawe is the second largest city in Aceh Special District, in the north of Sumatra, Indonesia. The city covers an area of 181.06 square kilometres. Being between Banda Aceh and the large southern city of Medan, the town is a key regional centre important for the economy of Aceh."
"Lichinga is the capital city of Niassa Province of Mozambique.  It lies on the Lichinga Plateau at an altitude of 1360 metre, east of Lake Niassa (Lake Malawi).  The town was founded as Vila Cabral as a farming and military settlement. It is served by Lichinga Airport."
"Lilongwe (named after the Lilongwe River) is the largest and capital city of Malawi with an estimated population of 1,077,116 for 2015. The city is located in the central region of Malawi, near the borders with Mozambique and Zambia and is an important economic site and transportation hub for the central Malawi."
"Lima /ˈliːmə/ is the capital and the largest city of Peru. It is located in the valleys of the Chillón, Rímac and Lurín rivers, in the central coastal part of the country, overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Together with the seaport of Callao, it forms a contiguous urban area known as the Lima Metropolitan Area. With a population of almost 10 million, Lima is the most populous metropolitan area of Peru, and the third largest city in the Americas (as defined by ""city proper"").Lima was founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro on January 18, 1535, as Ciudad de los Reyes. It became the capital and most important city in the Spanish Viceroyalty of Peru. Following the Peruvian War of Independence, it became the capital of the Republic of Peru. Today, around one-third of the Peruvian population lives in the metropolitan area.Lima is home to one of the oldest higher learning institutions in the New World. The National University of San Marcos, founded on May 12 of 1551, during Spanish colonial regime, is the oldest continuously functioning university in the Americas.In October 2013, Lima was chosen in a ceremony in Toronto to host the 2019 Pan American Games. It also hosted the 2014 United Nations Climate Change Conference in December of that year."
"Lindi is a coastal town located at the far end of the Lindi Bay, on the Indian Ocean in southeastern Tanzania.  The town is 450 kilometers south of Dar es Salaam and 105 kilometers north of Mtwara, the southernmost coastal town in Tanzania, and gives its name to the surrounding  Lindi Region, one of the most sparsely populated areas of the country. The town population was 41,549 as of the 2002 national census."
"Linz (/ˈlɪnts/; German pronunciation: [ˈlɪnt͡s]; Czech: Linec) is the third-largest city of Austria and capital of the state of Upper Austria (German: Oberösterreich). It is located in the north centre of Austria, approximately 30 kilometres (19 miles) south of the Czech border, on both sides of the River Danube. The population of the city is 193,814, and that of the Greater Linz conurbation is about 271,000. In 2009 Linz, together with the Lithuanian capital Vilnius, was chosen as the European Capital of Culture. Since December 1, 2014 Linz is a member of the UNESCO Creative Cities (UCCN) network as a City of Media Arts. Cities receive this title for enriching the urban lifestyle through the sponsorship and successful integration of media art and involving society in these electronic art forms. Linz is well known for the Linzer torte, which is said to be the oldest cake in the world, with its first recipe dating from 1653."
"Livingstone was, until 2012, the capital of the Southern Province of Zambia. Lying 10 km (6.2 mi) to the north of the Zambezi River, it is a tourism centre for the Victoria Falls and a border town with road and rail connections to Zimbabwe on the other side of the Victoria Falls. A historic British colonial city, its present population was estimated at 136,897 inhabitants at the 2010 census. It is named after David Livingstone, the British explorer who was the first European to explore the area."
"Ljubljana (Slovene: [ljuˈbljàːna] (13px ); German: Laibach, Italian: Lubiana, Latin: Labacum or Aemona) is the capital and largest city of Slovenia. Located in the middle of a trade route between the northern Adriatic Sea and the Danube region, it was the historical capital of Carniola, a Slovene-inhabited part of Austria-Hungary, and it has been the cultural, educational, economic, political, and administrative center of independent Slovenia since 1991. Its central geographic location within Slovenia, transport connections, concentration of industry, scientific and research institutions and cultural tradition are contributing factors to its leading position."
"Loikaw (Burmese: လွိုင်ကော်မြို့; MLCTS: lwing kaw mrui., pronounced: [lwàikɔ̀ mjo̰]) is the capital of Kayah State in Burma (Myanmar). It is located in the Karen Hills area, near the State's northern tip, just above an embayment on the Pilu River. The inhabitants are mostly Kayah (Karenni).  Myanmar's largest hydropower plant built (by the Japanese as war reparation) is located about 20 km east of Loikaw at Lawpita Falls."
"Loilem  or လွႆလႅမ်, also Loi-Lem or Loi-lem  is a town in the Shan State of central-eastern Burma. It is the principal town in Loilem Township in Loilem District."
"Loja (full form: Ciudad de la Inmaculada Concepción de Loja) is the capital of Ecuador's Loja Province.  It is located in the Cuxibamba valley in the south of the country, sharing borders with the provinces of Zamora-Chinchipe and El Oro, and with Peru in the south.  Loja holds a rich tradition in the arts, and for this reason is known as the Music and Cultural Capital of Ecuador.  The city is home to two major universities.The city has a population of about 181,000, and is situated 2060 m (6758 ft) above sea level.  It has a mild Andean climate, ranging between 16 and 30 °C.The Pan-American Highway runs past Loja.the city of Loja"
"Lokoja is a city in Nigeria. It lies at the confluence of the Niger and Benue rivers and is the capital of Nigeria's Kogi State."
"Louga is a town in northwestern Senegal.  Louga is a cattle market centre and has road and rail links with the port city of Saint-Louis to the northwest and Dakar to the southwest.  The area surrounding Louga is at the northern limits of Senegal's peanut- (groundnut-) growing area and is inhabited by the Fulani, who are generally pastoral nomads, and the Wolof, who are sedentary farmers. Pop. (1994 est.) town, 67,154."
"Luanda, formerly named São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda, is the capital city of Angola, and the country's most populous and important city, primary port and major industrial, cultural and urban centre. Located on Angola's coast with the Atlantic Ocean, Luanda is both Angola's chief seaport and its administrative center. It has a metropolitan population of over 5 million. It is also the capital city of Luanda Province, and the world's third most populous Portuguese-speaking city, behind only São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, both in Brazil, and the most populous Portuguese-speaking capital city in the world, ahead of Brasília, Maputo and Lisbon, for example. The city is currently undergoing a major reconstruction, with many large developments taking place that will alter the cityscape significantly."
"Lubango is the capital city of the Angolan province of Huíla. Its last known population was 100,757. Until 1975, the city's official name was Sá da Bandeira."
"Lucapa is a town located in eastern Angola. It is the administrative capital of Lunda Norte Province.Its population is difficult to estimate as it has changed greatly over the last 15 years due to internal displacement caused by civil war and the subsequent resettlement.The primary industry in the town is mining and several thousand residents are employed by the co-operative mining group formed by SML and ITM Mining. There is also a third company that has a small share in the mining operation. The third company consists primarily of retired and current senior Military officers, indicating the influence that they still have within the Angolan government, and the extent to which the government has to go to ensure stability within the armed forces."
"Luoyang (Chinese: 洛阳; pinyin: Luòyáng;; IPA: [lwɔ̂jɑ̌ŋ]) is a prefecture-level city in western Henan province of Central China. It borders the provincial capital of Zhengzhou to the east, Pingdingshan to the southeast, Nanyang to the south, Sanmenxia to the west, Jiyuan to the north, and Jiaozuo to the northeast. As of the final 2010 census, Luoyang had a population of 6,549,941 inhabitants with 1,857,003 people living in the built-up (or metro) area made of city's five urban districts, all of which except the Jili District not urbanized yet.Situated on the central plain of China, Luoyang is one of the cradles of Chinese civilization, and is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China."
"Lusaka is the capital and largest city of Zambia. One of the fastest-developing cities in Southern Africa, Lusaka is located in the southern part of the central plateau at an elevation of about 1,300 metres (4,265 feet).  As of 2010, the city's population is about 1.7 million.  Lusaka is the centre of both commerce and government in Zambia and connects to the country's four main highways heading north, south, east and west.  English is the official language of the city, but Nyanja and Bemba are also common."
"The city of Luxembourg (Luxembourgish: Lëtzebuerg, French: Luxembourg, German: Luxemburg), also known as Luxembourg City (Luxembourgish: Stad Lëtzebuerg, French: Ville de Luxembourg, German: Stadt Luxemburg), is a commune with city status, and the capital of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It stands at the confluence of the Alzette and Pétrusse Rivers in southern Luxembourg. The city contains the Luxembourg Castle, established by the Franks in the Early Middle Ages, around which a settlement developed.Luxembourg City lies at the heart of Western Europe, situated 213 km (132 mi) by road from Brussels, 372 km (231 mi) from Paris, 209 km (130 mi) from Cologne.As of January 2014, the commune of Luxembourg City had a population of 107,247, which was more than three times the population of the country's second most populous commune (Esch-sur-Alzette). The city's metropolitan population, including that of surrounding communes of Hesperange, Sandweiler, Strassen, and Walferdange, was higher than 165,000.In 2011, Luxembourg was ranked as having the second highest per capita GDP in the world at $80,119 (PPP), with the city having developed into a banking and administrative centre. In the 2011 Mercer worldwide survey of 221 cities, Luxembourg was placed first for personal safety while it was ranked 19th for quality of living. It is a seat of several institutions of the European Union, including the European Court of Justice, the European Court of Auditors, the Secretariat of the European Parliament, the European Investment Bank, the European Investment Fund, and the European Stability Mechanism."
"M'banza-Kongo (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐ̃ˈbɐ̃zɐ], [ĩˈbɐ̃zɐ], [mɨˈβɐ̃zɐ] or [miˈβɐ̃zɐ ˈkõɡu], known as São Salvador in Portuguese from 1570 to 1975), is the capital of Angola's northwestern Zaire Province. M'banza Kongo (properly Mbanza Koongo or Kôngo in most acceptable orthographies) was founded some time before the arrival of the Portuguese and was the capital of the dynasty ruling at that time (1483). The site was temporarily abandoned during civil wars in the 17th century. It lies close to Angola's border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is located at around 6°16′0″S 14°15′0″E and sits on top of an impressive flat-topped mountain, sometimes called Mongo a Kaila (mountain of division) because recent legends recall that the king created the clans of the kingdom and sent them out from there.  In the valley to the south runs the Luezi River."
"Ma-ubin or Maubin (Burmese: မအူပင်မြို့ [məʔùbɪ̀ɴ mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Burma. It is the seat of the Ma-ubin Township in the Ma-ubin District. The population as of 1993 was 42,000. The inhabitants of the town, as well as the district are mainly Bamar and Karen.During Cyclone Nargis which devastated the Irrawaddy Delta, the Burmese military offered convoys to refugees to Ma-ubin to escape the devastation in worse-hit areas."
"Maastricht (Dutch: [maːˈstrɪxt] (13px ); Limburgish (incl. Maastrichtian): Mestreech [məˈstʁeːç]; French: Maestricht (archaic); Spanish: Mastrique (archaic)) is a town and a municipality in the Southeast of the European country the Netherlands. It is the capital city in the province of Limburg.Maastricht is located on both sides of the Meuse river (Dutch: Maas), at the point where the Jeker River (French: Geer) joins it.In history Maastricht developed from a Belgic settlement, that in the Gallic Wars was conquered by the Romans and thus became a Roman settlement, to a religious centre, a garrison city and an early industrial city. Nowadays, it is known as a city of especially culture (including local folklore) and education. Maastricht's rich history shows from the fact that in this town no less than 1677 national heritage sites (Rijksmonumenten) are located, which is the second highest number in a Dutch town, after Amsterdam. Furthermore, it has become known, by way of the Maastricht Treaty, as the birthplace of the European Union, European citizenship, and the single European currency, the euro.  The town is popular with tourists for shopping and recreation, and has a large growing international student population. Maastricht is a member of the Most Ancient European Towns Network and is part of the Meuse-Rhine Euroregion, which includes nearby cities Aachen, Eupen, Hasselt, Liège and Tongeren."
"Mabein is a town in northern Shan State of Myanmar, formerly Burma. It is situated on the Shweli River and connected to Momeik, and to Bhamo and Myitkyina in Kachin State by road. Mabein lies only 90 km (56 mi) from the border with Yunnan Province, China, but 200 km (124 mi) north of Mandalay."
"Machala (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈtʃala]) is a city in south-west Ecuador. It is the capital of the El Oro Province and located near the Gulf of Guayaquil on fertile lowlands. Machala has a population of 241,606 (2010 census),it is also the fourth biggest city of the country; and the second most important port, it has been referred to as the Banana Capital of the World."
"Machanbaw (Burmese: မချမ်းဘောမြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar. It is on the Namtiyu River."
"Madang (old German name: Friedrich-Wilhelmshafen) is the capital of Madang Province and is a town with a population of 27,420 (in 2005) on the north coast of Papua New Guinea. It was first settled by the Germans in the 19th century.Madang is the home of Divine Word University. The University accepts local and international students."
"For Madaya in Syria, see: Madaya, SyriaMadaya is a town in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar. It is the seat of Madaya Township. It lies along National Highway 31. Lamaing lies just to the southeast. The Madaya River in the area is connected to the Mandalay Canal, and crosses the township of Madaya diagonally for some 30 miles and joins the Irrawaddy River."
"Madiun is a city in the western part of the province of East Java in Indonesia, an agricultural centre. It was formerly the capital of the regency of the same name, but is now administratively independent of the regency.Madiun, located 169 km south west of Surabaya, had a population of 202,087 in 2011. The town is an average of 63 metres above sea level and lies on the Madiun River, a tributary of the Bengawan Solo River. It is surrounded by a number of mountains, including Mount Wilis (2,169 m) to the east, to the south the Kapur Selatan range (500–1000 m) and to the west Mount Lawu (3,285 m). Madiun has an average temperature of 20-35 degrees Celsius."
"Madrid (/məˈdrɪd/, Spanish: [maˈðɾið], locally: [maˈðɾiθ]) is the capital and largest city of Spain. The population of the city is almost 3.2 million and that of the Madrid metropolitan area, around 6.3 million. It is the third-largest city in the European Union, after London and Berlin, and its metropolitan area is the third-largest in the European Union after London and Paris. The city spans a total of 604.3 km2 (233.3 sq mi).The city is located on the Manzanares River in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid (which comprises the city of Madrid, its conurbation and extended suburbs and villages); this community is bordered by the autonomous communities of Castile and León and Castile-La Mancha. As the capital city of Spain, seat of government, and residence of the Spanish monarch, Madrid is also the political, economic and cultural centre of Spain. The current mayor is Ana Botella from the People's Party (PP).The Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP in the European Union and its influences in politics, education, entertainment, environment, media, fashion, science, culture, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major global cities. Due to its economic output, high standard of living, and market size, Madrid is considered the major financial centre of Southern Europe and the Iberian Peninsula; it hosts the head offices of the vast majority of the major Spanish companies, such as Telefónica,  Iberia or Repsol. Madrid is the 17th most livable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2014 index.Madrid houses the headquarters of the World Tourism Organization (WTO), belonging to the United Nations Organization (UN), the SEGIB, the Organization of Ibero-American States (OEI), and the Public Interest Oversight Board (PIOB). It also hosts major international regulators of Spanish: the Standing Committee of the Association of Spanish Language Academies, headquarters of the Royal Spanish Academy (RAE), the Cervantes Institute and the Foundation of Urgent Spanish (Fundéu BBVA). Madrid organizes fairs such as FITUR, ARCO, SIMO TCI and the Cibeles Madrid Fashion Week.While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure, it has preserved the look and feel of many of its historic neighbourhoods and streets. Its landmarks include the Royal Palace of Madrid; the Royal Theatre with its restored 1850 Opera House; the Buen Retiro Park, founded in 1631; the 19th-century National Library building (founded in 1712) containing some of Spain's historical archives; a large number of national museums, and the Golden Triangle of Art, located along the Paseo del Prado and comprising three art museums: Prado Museum, the Reina Sofía Museum, a museum of modern art, and the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, which completes the shortcomings of the other two museums. Cibeles Palace and Fountain have become the monument symbol of the city.Madrid is home to two world-famous football clubs, Real Madrid and Atlético de Madrid."
"Maevatanana is a city and commune urbaine (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar. The city is in the central-north part of the island, at the Ikopa River, and is connected by the national road RN 4 to Antananarivo and Mahajanga. The altitude is low and as it is located far from the coast, temperatures tend to be high. The city belongs to the district of Maevatanana, which is a part of Betsiboka Region. Maevatanana is the capital of the Betsiboka region, and the population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 24,000 in 2001 commune census.In addition to primary schooling the town offers secondary education at both junior and senior levels. The town has a permanent court and hospital. The majority 60% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 7% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crops are rice and tobacco; also sweet potatoes are an important agricultural product. Industry and services provide employment for 5% and 15% of the population, respectively. Additionally fishing employs 13% of the population."
"Magelang is one of six cities in Central Java, each of which is governed by a mayor rather than a bupati. It is located in the middle of the Magelang Regency, between Mount Merbabu and Mount Sumbing in Central Java Province, Indonesia. Magelang is located 43 km north of Yogyakarta, 15 km north of Mungkid and 75 km south of Semarang, the capital of Central Java."
"Mahajanga [maːˈdzaŋɡə̥] (French: Majunga) is a city and a district on the northwest coast of Madagascar.Mahajanga is a favorite tourist destination for Malagasy tourists and international travelers, with beautiful beaches, a coconut-lined boardwalk (""Le Bord"", short for ""Bord de la mer"" or sea-side), and eight months of hot, virtually rain-free weather."
"Mahlaing is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar."
"Mainz (/maɪnts/; German: [maɪ̯nt͡s]; Latin: Mogontiacum), formerly known in English as Mentz, is the capital of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. It was the capital of the Electorate of Mainz at the time of the Holy Roman Empire. In antiquity Mainz was a Roman fort city which commanded the west bank of the Rhine and formed part of the northernmost frontier of the Roman Empire;  it was founded as a military post by the Romans in the late 1st century BC and became the provincial capital of Germania Superior. The city is located on the river Rhine at its confluence with the Main opposite Wiesbaden, in the western part of the Frankfurt Rhine-Main; in the modern age, Frankfurt shares much of its regional importance.The city is famous as the home of the invention of the movable-type printing press, as the first books printed using movable type were manufactured in Mainz by Gutenberg in the early 1450s.  Until the twentieth century, Mainz was usually referred to in English as Mayence."
"Makassar (Buginese-Makassar language: ᨀᨚᨈ ᨆᨀᨔᨑ) – sometimes spelled Macassar, Mangkasara' – is the provincial capital of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. It is the largest city on Sulawesi Island in terms of population number and the sixth largest city in Indonesia after Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, Medan, and Semarang. From 1971 to 1999, the city was named Ujung Pandang, after a precolonial fort in the city, and the two names are often used interchangeably. The port city is located on the southwest coast of the island of Sulawesi, facing the Makassar Strait.The city's area is 175.77 square kilometres (67.87 sq mi) and it had a population of around 1.334 million as of the 2010 Census. Its official metropolitan area, known as Mamminasata, covers an area of 2,473 square kilometres (955 sq mi) and had a population of 1,334,090 at the 2010 Census."
"Makurdi is the capital of the state Benue in Nigeria. The city is located in central Nigeria along the Benue River and holds the base for the Nigerian Air Force's MiG 21 and SEPECAT Jaguar aircraft squadrons.  As of 2007, Makurdi had an estimated population of 500,797."
"Malakal (Arabic: ملكال Malakāl‎) is a city in South Sudan."
"Malang is the second largest city in East Java province, Indonesia. It has a history dating back to the ancient Mataram Kingdom. The city population at the 2010 Census was 820,243 (BPS, 2010). During the period of Dutch colonization, it was a popular destination for European residents. The city is famous for its cool temperature and the surrounding country regions of Tumpang, Batu, Singosari, and Turen. People in East Java sometimes call it ""Paris of East Java."" Malang was spared many of the effects of the Asian financial crisis, and since that time it has been marked by steady economic and population growth."
"Malanje (also Malange) is the capital city of Malanje Province in Angola with a population of approximately 222,000. It is located 380 kilometres (240 mi) east of Angola's capital Luanda. Near it are the spectacular Calandula waterfalls, the rock formations of Pungo Andongo, and the Capanda Dam. The climate is mainly humid, with average temperatures between 20 and 24°C and rainfall 900 mm to 130 mm in the rainy season (October to April)."
"Malolos, officially the City of Malolos (Filipino: Lungsod ng Malolos), is a first class urban component city in the Republic of the Philippines. Malolos is considered as the 115th city in the country. It is the capital city of the province of Bulacan as the seat of the provincial government.The city is 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of Manila, the capital city of the Philippines. It is one of the major suburbs conurbated to Metro Manila, situated in the southwestern part of Bulacan, in the Central Luzon Region (Region 3) in the island of Luzon and part of the Metro Luzon Urban Beltway Super Region. Bordering Malolos are the municipalities of Bulakan (the former capital of the province) to the southeast, Guiguinto to the east, Plaridel to the north, Calumpit to the northwest, and Paombong to the west. Malolos also lies on the north-eastern shore of Manila Bay.Malolos was the site of the constitutional convention of 1898, known as the Malolos Convention, that led to the establishment of the First Philippine Republic, at the sanctuary of the Barasoain Church. The convent of the Malolos Cathedral served as the presidential palace at that time. Malolos gave birth to the first constitutional republic in Asia.It is also one of the centers of education in Central Luzon region. It has several universities like the government-funded Bulacan State University, and privately owned Centro Escolar University at Malolos and the only Catholic University in Bulacan, University of Regina Carmeli, now known as ""La Consolacion University-Philippines"". Malolos also houses the most populous high school in Central Luzon, Marcelo H. del Pilar National High School, founded in 1905."
"Mamou is a city and sub prefecture in a valley of the Fouta Djallon area of Guinea. Population 76,269 (2008 est)."
"Manado (pronounced [məˈnadu]) is the capital city of the North Sulawesi province of Indonesia. Manado is located at the Bay of Manado, and is surrounded by a mountainous area. The city had 408,354 inhabitants at the 2010 Census, making it the second-largest city in Sulawesi after Makassar. The latest official estimate (for january 2014) is 430,790."
"Managua (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈnaɣwa]) is the capital city of  Nicaragua as well as the department and municipality by the same name. It is the largest city in Nicaragua in terms of population and geographic size. Located on the southwestern shore of Lake Xolotlán or Lake Managua, the city was declared the national capital in 1852. Prior to its inception as the capital city, the title had alternated between the cities of León and Granada. The city has a metropolitan population of about 2,408,000, this includes the neighboring cities of Ciudad Sandino and Tipitapa. Managua is composed predominantly of mestizos and whites who are mainly of Spanish descent, with a minority being of French, German, Italian and Turkish descent. Managua is the second most populous city in Central America, after Guatemala City."
"Mandalay (/ˌmændəˈleɪ/ or /ˈmændəleɪ/; Burmese: မန္တလေးမြို့ MLCTS=manta.le:; MLCTS: {{{MLCTS}}} [màɴdəlé]) is the second-largest city and the last royal capital of Burma. Located 716 km (445 mi) north of Yangon on the east bank of the Irrawaddy River, the city had a population of 1,225,553 (2014 census).Mandalay is the economic hub of Upper Burma and considered the centre of Burmese culture. A continuing influx of Chinese immigrants, mostly from Yunnan, in the past twenty years, has reshaped the city's ethnic makeup and increased commerce with China. Despite Naypyidaw's recent rise, Mandalay remains Upper Burma's main commercial, educational and health center."
"Manokwari is a city in Indonesia. It is the largest city and, since 2003, the capital of the province of West Papua, at the western end of New Guinea. The city has many resorts and is a major tourist area. It is one of the seats of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manokwari–Sorong. It is also the administrative seat of Manokwari Regency. The city is also included of the Manokwari-Northeastern Bird's Head Peninsula MSA. It is the largest city in the metro area. The city is also a major port, financial center, and tourist area that is important to West Papua and the Eastern Indonesia."
"Mansi (Burmese: မန်စီမြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of the northernmost part of Burma. Mansi is connected by the National Highway 31 from the south and is the western terminus of the National Road 36 which connects Mansi to Muse on the Chinese border in the east.Mansi is a small forest town and lies in an area affected by illegal logging."
"Maputo (Portuguese pronunciation: [mɐˈputu]), known as Lourenço Marques before independence, is the capital and largest city of Mozambique. It is known as the City of Acacias, in reference to acacia trees commonly found along its avenues, and the Pearl of the Indian Ocean. Today, it is a port city on the Indian Ocean, with its economy centered on the harbour. According to the 2007 census, the population is 1,766,184.  Cotton, sugar, chromite, sisal, copra, and hardwood are the chief exports. The city manufactures cement, pottery, furniture, shoes, and rubber. The city is surrounded by Maputo Province, but is administered as its own province."
"Maribor (pronounced [ˈmaːɾibɔɾ] (13px ); German: Marburg an der Drau) is the second-largest city in Slovenia with about 114,487 inhabitants in 2013. Maribor is also the largest city of the traditional region of Lower Styria and the seat of the City Municipality of Maribor. In 2000, Maribor was given the Alpine Town of the Year award. Association football club NK Maribor is based in the city.In addition to its Slovene and German names, the city is also known as Latin: Marburgum and Italian: Marburgo."
"Mariental is a city of 10,000 inhabitants in south-central Namibia, lying on the B1 national road 145 miles (232 km) north of Keetmanshoop and 170 miles (274 km) southeast of Windhoek. It lies at an elevation of 3,576 feet (1,090 metres). Mariental is connected to the TransNamib railway line from Windhoek to Keetmanshoop. The town and the surrounding area are in a hot, arid region.Mariental is the administrative capital of the Hardap Region in an area which has long been a centre for the Nama people. It lies near the Hardap Dam, the largest reservoir in Namibia."
"Marondera (known as Marandellas until 1982) is a town in Mashonaland East, Zimbabwe, located about 72 km east of Harare; population 39,384 (Central Statistical Office, Zimbabwe.  Census of Population, 1992.  The population was estimated at 46,000 in 2002. Harare: Government Printer).  One of the earliest centres of white settlement in the former colony of Southern Rhodesia, Marondera was one of the centres of Zimbabwe's large forestry and farming district and markets timber, tobacco, corn (maize), beef, and dairy products until the seizure of white-owned farms and redistribution of land began in 2000."
"Maseru is the capital and largest city of Lesotho. It is also the capital of the Maseru District. Located on the Caledon River, Maseru lies directly on the Lesotho-South Africa border. Maseru is Lesotho's capital city with a population of approximately 227,880 (2006). The city was established as a police camp and assigned as the capital after the country became a British protectorate in 1869. When the country achieved independence in 1966, Maseru retained its status as capital. The name of the city is a Sesotho word meaning ""red sandstones""."
"Mashhad (Persian: مشهد‎ ; About this sound listen ) is the second most populous city in Iran and capital of Razavi Khorasan Province. It is located in the northeast of the country, close to the borders of Afghanistan and Turkmenistan. Its population is 3,131,586 . It was a major oasis along the ancient Silk Road connecting with Merv in the East.The city is most famous and revered for housing the tomb of Imam Reza, the eighth Shia Imam. Every year, millions of pilgrims visit the Imam Reza shrine and pay their tributes to Imam Reza.Mashhad is also known as the city of Ferdowsi, the Iranian poet of Shahnameh, which is considered to be the national epic of Iran. The city is the hometown of some of the most significant Iranian literary figures and artists such as Mehdi Akhavan-Sales, the famous contemporary poet, and Mohammad-Reza Shajarian, the traditional Iranian singer and composer. Ferdowsi and Akhavan Sales are both buried in Tus, an ancient city that is considered to be the main origin of the current city of Mashhad."
"Masvingo (before 1982 known as Fort Victoria) is a town in south-eastern Zimbabwe and the capital of Masvingo Province. The town is close to Great Zimbabwe, the national monument from which the country takes its name."
"Matam is a city in northeast Senegal, on the Sénégal River. It is the capital of the Matam Region ."
"Mataram (Indonesian: Kota Mataram) is the capital of the Indonesian province of West Nusa Tenggara. The city is surrounded on all the landward sides by (but is not administratively contained within) West Lombok Regency (Kabupaten Lombok Barat) and lies on the western side of the island of Lombok, Indonesia. It is also the largest city of the province, and had a population of 402,296 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 420,941.In addition to serving as the provincial capital, Mataram has also become the center of government, education, commerce, industry and services.Three towns constitute the Mataram area; from west to east, these are Ampenan, Mataram, and Cakranegara. They are distinct towns, but run together. Broadly, Ampenan is an aging seaport city, Mataram is the governmental and office center for the province, and Cakranegara is the major commercial center on the island. The city is administratively divided into six districts (kecamatan), namely Ampenan, Cakranegara, Mataram, Pejanggik, Selaparang, and Sekarbela. The Mataram area contains 50 Kampungs (villages/neighbourhoods) and 297 (RT) kampung sub-sections.The city is served by the  Lombok International Airport  (Bandara Internasional Lombok) (IATA: LOP, ICAO: WADL) near Praya in Central Lombok, by the Lembar Harbour seaport in the southwest and Labuhan Lombok ferry port on the east coast which provides connection to Poto Tano on Sumbawa. Mataram is located near west coast of Lombok, so it is very close to the island's tourism centre of Senggigi beach, which is a short distance northward from Ampenan.Mataram was previously a part of West Lombok Regency before the division of the regency in 2000, when the capital of West Lombok was moved to Gerung.Mataram was also the seat of power for the king of Mataram (Seraja), which was sometimes controlled through neighboring Singaraja, Bali."
"Matola is the largest suburb of the Mozambique capital, Maputo, and adjacent to it to the west. It is the nation's second most populated place.  Matola is the capital of Maputo Province and has had its own elected municipal government since 1998. It has a port and also the biggest industrial area in Mozambique. The population of Matola is, according to the 2007 census, 675,422 inhabitants, having increased to a 2014 projected population (Instituto Nacional de Estatistica Moçambique) of 893,000."
"Maungdaw (Burmese: မောင်တောမြို့; MLCTS: maung:tau mrui., pronounced: [máʊɴdɔ́ mjo̰]) is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar. It is the administrative seat of Maungdaw Township and Maungdaw District. Maungdaw is the west most city of Burma and it is a border city too with Bangladesh separated by Naf river. The border is almost 168 miles long. Maungdaw is 16 miles away from Buthidaung. Maundaw and Buthidaung are separated by May Yu Mountains. It has conncted by two tunnels. Tunnel was built in 1918 on Maungdaw Buthidaung motor way."
"Mawkmai is a town and capital of Mawkmai Township in Loilem District, Shan State, Burma. Mawkmai is connected by road to Loimut in the west and Langkho in the northeast which connects with the National Road 45.It was the historical capital of former Mawkmai State."
"Mawlamyinegyun (Burmese: မော်လမြိုင်ကျွန်းမြို့; also spelt Moulmeingyun and known as Mawgyun), is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Burma. It is the seat of the Mawlamyinegyun Township in the Labutta District."
"Mbeya is a city located in southwest Tanzania, Africa. Mbeya's urban population was 280,000 in 2005. Mbeya is the capital of the surrounding rural Mbeya region (population, with Mbeya, totals approx. 2 million).Mbeya is the first large urban settlement encountered when travelling overland from the neighbouring nation of Zambia. Mbeya is situated at an altitude of 1,700 meters (5,500 ft), and sprawls through a narrow highland valley surrounded by a bowl of high mountains. The main language is colloquial Swahili, and the English language is extensively taught in schools."
"Mecca (/ˈmɛkə/; Arabic: مكة‎, Makkah, pronounced [ˈmæk.kæ]), also transliterated as Makkah (/ˈmækə/), is a city in the Hejaz and the capital of Makkah Province in Saudi Arabia. The city is located 70 km (43 mi) inland from Jeddah in a narrow valley at a height of 277 m (909 ft) above sea level. Its resident population in 2012 was roughly 2 million, although visitors more than triple this number every year during the hajj (""pilgrimage"") period held in the twelfth Muslim lunar month of Dhu al-Hijjah.As the birthplace of Muhammad and the site of Muhammad's first revelation of the Quran (specifically, a cave 3 km (2 mi) from Mecca), Mecca is regarded as the holiest city in the religion of Islam and a pilgrimage to it known as the Hajj is obligatory for all able Muslims. Mecca is home to the Kaaba, by majority description Islam's holiest site, as well as being the direction of Muslim prayer. Mecca was long ruled by Muhammad's descendants, the sharifs, acting either as independent rulers or as vassals to larger polities. It was conquered by Ibn Saud in 1925. In its modern period, Mecca has seen tremendous expansion in size and infrastructure, home to structures such as the Abraj Al Bait, also known as the Makkah Royal Clock Tower Hotel, the world's third tallest building and the building with the largest amount of floor area. During this expansion, Mecca has lost some historical structures and archaeological sites, such as the Ajyad Fortress. Today, more than 15 million Muslims visit Mecca annually, including several million during the few days of the Hajj. As a result, Mecca has become one of the most cosmopolitan and diverse cities  in the Muslim world, despite the fact that non-Muslims are prohibited from entering the city."
"Medan (Indonesian pronunciation: [meˈdan]; Indonesian: Kota Medan) is the capital of the North Sumatra province in Indonesia. Located on the northern coast, Medan is the third largest city in Indonesia behind Jakarta, Surabaya, and the largest Indonesian city outside Java. The city is bordered by the Deli Serdang Regency to the east, south and west, and the Strait of Malacca to the north. Medan has been dubbed by the Dutch as  Parijs van Soematra  because of its resemblance to Paris during the era of the Dutch occupation."
"Medina (/məˈdiːnə/; Arabic: اَلْمَدِينَة اَلْمَنَوَّرَة‎, officially al-Madīnah al-Munawwarah, ""the radiant city"", or اَلْمَدِينَة al-Madīnah, also officially transliterated as Madinah by the Saudi Government and in modern Islamic literature generally) is a city in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia, and the capital of Al Madinah Province. An alternative name is Madinat Al-Nabi (""The City of the Prophet"", i.e., Muhammad). The Arabic word madinah simply means ""city"". Before the advent of Islam, the city was known as Yathrib but was personally renamed by Muhammad.The burial place of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, it is the second holiest city in Islam after Mecca, a very sacred place. Medina is critically significant in Islamic History as Muhammad's final religious base after the Hijrah and the location of his death in 632 AD/11 AH. Medina was the power base of Islam in its first century, being where the early Muslim community (ummah) developed, first under Muhammad's leadership and then under the first four caliphs of Islam: Abu Bakr, `Omar, `Othman and `Ali. Medina is reportedly home to the three oldest mosques in Islam which were built in the days of Muhammad, namely Al-Masjid an-Nabawi (The Prophet's Mosque), Quba Masjid (the first mosque in Islam's history), and Masjid al-Qiblatain (The Mosque of the Two Qiblahs – the mosque where the direction of Muslim prayer, or qiblah, was switched from Jerusalem to Mecca).Similarly to Mecca, entrance to the sacred core of Medina (but not the entire city) is restricted to Muslims only; non-Muslims are not permitted to enter nor are they allowed to cross through the city center.Muslims believe that the final chapters (surahs) of the Qur'an chronologically were revealed to the Prophet in Medina and are called Medinan surahs in contrast to earlier Meccan surahs."
"Meiktila (Burmese: မိတ္ထီလာမြို့; MLCTS: mik thi la mrui.; Burmese pronunciation: [meɪʔtʰìlà mjo̰]) is a city in central Myanmar, located on the banks of Lake Meiktila in Mandalay Division, at the junctions of the Bagan-Taunggyi, Yangon-Mandalay and Meiktila-Myingyan highways. Because of its strategic position, Meiktila is home to Myanmar Air Force's central command and Meiktila Air Force Base. The country's main aerospace engineering university, Myanmar Aerospace Engineering University is also located in Meiktila."
"Mendefera (Tigrinya: መንደፈራ?</span>), formerly Adi Ugri, is the capital city of the Debub Region of Eritrea. The town's name derives from the high hill in the center of the city, and is a source of pride to Eritreans. It means 'no one dared' and is a reminder of the local anti-colonial movement."
"Mendi, Papua New Guinea, is the provincial capital of the Southern Highlands Province."
"Mendoza (locally: [men'dosa]) is the capital city of Mendoza Province, in Argentina.  It is located in the northern-central part of the province, in a region of foothills and high plains, on the eastern side of the Andes.  As of the 2010 census [INDEC], Mendoza's population was 115 041.  The metropolitan population was 1 055 679 in 2010, making Greater Mendoza the fourth largest census metropolitan area in the country.Ruta Nacional 7, the major road running between Buenos Aires and Santiago, runs through Mendoza. The city is a frequent stopover for climbers on their way to Aconcagua (the highest mountain in the Western and Southern Hemispheres) and for adventure travelers interested in mountaineering, hiking, horseback riding, rafting, and other sports. In the winter, skiers come to the city for its easy access to the Andes.Two of the main industries of Mendoza area are olive oil production and wine making. The region around Greater Mendoza is the largest wine producing area in Latin America. As such, Mendoza is one of nine cities worldwide in the network of Great Capitals of Wine, and the city is an emerging enotourism (Wine tourism) destination and base for exploring the region's hundreds of wineries located along the Argentina Wine Route."
"Menongue is a town, municipality and the capital of Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.It is one of the four Mbunda municipalities in Angola, predominantly occupied by the Mbunda under the traditional authority of Mbunda Chiefs Mwene Vunonge and Mwene Kangamba (Mwene Chainda Ngongola), who ascribe to the Mbunda Monarch, His Majesty King Mbandu III Mbandu Lifuti restored on 16 August 2008, in Moxico, Angola.It is the current terminus of the Moçâmedes Railway, from Namibe, and also home of the small Menongue Airport."
"Merauke is a city considered to be one of the easternmost cities in Indonesia, located in Merauke Regency, Papua province, Indonesia. It is next to Maro River.At the 2010 Census it had a population of 87,634.Merauke was established in February 1902 as a military post by the Dutch, to prevent raids by the Marind-anim into neighbouring British New Guinea and the northwest Torres Strait Islands (Boigu, Dauan and Saibai).The Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier in Merauke is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Merauke.Merauke was the site of an Allied air base during World War II and there was ground fighting between Australian and Japanese patrols in the area."
"Mersa Matruh (also spelled Marsa Matruh and Marsa Matrouh; Arabic: مرسى مطروح‎, IPA: [ˈmæɾsæ mɑtˤˈɾuːħ]) is a Mediterranean seaport and the capital of the Matrouh Governorate in Egypt. It is 240 km (150 mi) west of Alexandria and 222 km from Sallum, on the main highway from the Nile Delta to the Libyan border. Another highway leads south from the town, toward the Western Desert and the oases of Siwa and Bahariya. During Ancient Egyptian times and during the reign of Alexander The Great, the city was known as Amunia. In Ptolemaic and Byzantine times it was known as Paraitonion (Παραιτόνιον), and in Roman times, as Paraetonium.Mersa Matruh is a major Egyptian tourist resort and serves as a getaway resort for Europeans as well as Cairenes eager to flee the capital in the sweltering summer months. It is served by Mersa Matruh Airport. The city is known for its white soft sands and calm transparent waters; the bay is protected from the high seas by a series of rocks forming a natural breakwater, with a small opening to allow access for light vessels."
"Mexicali (pronounced About this sound mexi'kali ) is the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California, seat of the Municipality of Mexicali, and 2nd largest city in Baja California after Tijuana. The City of Mexicali has a population of 689,775, according to the 2010 census, while the population of the entire metropolitan area (including the municipality) reaches 996,826.The city maintains a highly educated and skilled population, as the city has modernized and become an important population center in the desert region.Mexicali's economy has been historically based on agricultural products, and to this day it remains a large sector of the economy. As time has progressed, however, its economy has gradually gone from being agricultural to include industry, mainly maquiladoras. Companies such as Mitsubishi, Autolite, Nestle, Coca Cola and Goodrich Corporation have built maquiladora plants in the city.Founded on March 14, 1903, Mexicali is situated on the U.S.-Mexico border adjacent to its sister city Calexico, California, with which it forms a dual-state, international population center, Calexico-Mexicali."
"Middelburg (Dutch: [ˈmɪdəlˌbʏrx] (13px )) is a municipality and a city in the south-western Netherlands and the capital of the province of Zeeland. Situated on the central peninsula of the Zeeland province, Midden-Zeeland (consisting of former islands Walcheren, Noord-Beveland and Zuid-Beveland), it has a population of about 48,000."
"Mindat  (Burmese: မင်းတပ်မြို့) is a town in the Chin State of West Myanmar."
"Mindon is a village in Burma. It is the capital of Mindon Township of Thayet District in the Magway Region."
"Mingin (Min Gin, Min Kin or Minking Burmese: မင္းကင္း) is a town on the southern side (right bank) of the Chindwin River in Kale District, Sagaing Division, Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative center for Mingin Township."
"Minhla is a town and seat of Minhla Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Myanmar. It lies approximately 20 kilometres south of Okpho off National Highway 2. It is located roughly 155 kilometres north of Yangon. Its population in 1908 was 2553. Minhla was occupied during the Third Anglo-Burmese War."
"Minsk (Belarusian: Мінск, Менск pronounced [mʲinsk, mʲɛnsk]; Russian: Минск, [mʲinsk]; Yiddish: מינסק Minsk, Polish: Mińsk) is the capital and largest city of Belarus, situated on the Svislach and Nyamiha rivers. It is the administrative centre of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). As the national capital, Minsk has a special administrative status in Belarus and is the administrative centre of Minsk Region (voblast) and Minsk raion (district). In 2013, it had a population of 2,002,600.The earliest historical references to Minsk date to the 11th century (1067), when it was noted as a provincial city within the principality of Polotsk. The settlement developed on the rivers. In 1242, Minsk became a part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. It received town privileges in 1499.From 1569, it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodship in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was part of a region annexed by the Russian Empire in 1793, as a consequence of the Second Partition of Poland. From 1919–1991, after the Russian Revolution, Minsk was the capital of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic within the Soviet Union."
"Minya (Arabic: ‏المنيا‎  pronounced [elˈmenjæ]) is the capital of Minya Governorate in Upper Egypt. It is located approximately 245 km (152 mi) south of Cairo on the western bank of the Nile River, which flows north through the city.  The name of the city is derived from its Ancient Egyptian name Men'at Khufu, meaning the nursing city of Khufu, linking it to the Pharaoh Khufu or Cheops, builder of the Great Pyramid at Giza.The name Minya may also have originated from the city's name in Sahidic Coptic Tmoone (f  ⲧⲙⲟⲟⲛⲉ) and in Bohairic Thmonē (ⲑⲙⲟⲛⲏ), meaning ""the residence"", in reference to an early monastery formerly in the area. It is the city where the Codex Tchacos was discovered.Minya is dubbed by the locals ""Bride of Upper Egypt"", in reference to its strategic location in Middle Egypt as a vital link between the north and the south of Egypt. Minya has one of the highest concentration of Christian Coptic population in Egypt (approximately 50% of total population). It is the home city of the Minia University, Suzanne Mubarak Center for Arts, the new Minya Museum, and the regional North of Upper Egypt Radio and Television."
"Mocoa is a municipality and capital city of the department of Putumayo in Colombia.The city is located in the northwest of the Putumayo department. The municipality borders the departments of Nariño to the west and Cauca to the north."
"Mogadishu (/ˌmɔːɡəˈdiːʃuː/; Somali: Muqdisho; Arabic: مقديشو‎ Maqadīshū), known locally as Xamar (English: Hamar), is the largest city in Somalia and the nation's capital. Located in the coastal Banaadir region on the Indian Ocean, the city has served as an important port for centuries. As of 2011, it had a population of 1,554,000 residents.Tradition and old records assert that southern Somalia, including the Mogadishu area, was historically inhabited by hunter-gatherers of Khoisan descent. These were later joined by Cushitic agro-pastoralists, who would go on to establish local aristocracies. During its medieval Golden Age, Mogadishu was ruled by the Muzaffar dynasty, a vassal of the Ajuran Sultanate. It subsequently fell under the control of an assortment of local Sultanates and polities, most notably the Geledi Sultanate. The city later became the capital of Italian Somaliland (1889-1936) in the colonial period. After the Somali Republic became independent in 1960, Mogadishu became known and promoted as the White Pearl of the Indian Ocean. After the ousting of the Siad Barre regime in 1991 and the ensuing civil war, various militias fought for control of the city, later to be replaced by the Islamic Courts Union in the mid-2000s. The ICU thereafter splintered into more radical groups, notably Al-Shabaab, which fought the Transitional Federal Government (2004-2012) and its AMISOM allies. With a change in administration in late 2010, government troops and their military partners had succeeded in forcing out Al-Shabaab by August 2011. Mogadishu has subsequently experienced a period of intense reconstruction.As Somalia's capital city, many important national institutions are based in Mogadishu. It is the seat of the Federal Government of Somalia established in August 2012, with the Federal Parliament of Somalia serving as the government's legislative branch. Hassan Mohamed Hussein Mungab, a former military-court chairman, has been the Mayor of Mogadishu since February 2014. Villa Somalia is the official residential palace and principal workplace of the President of Somalia, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud. In May 2012, the First Somali Bank was established in the capital, which organized Mogadishu's first ever Technology, Entertainment, Design (TEDx) conference. The establishment of a local construction yard has also galvanized the city's real-estate sector. Arba'a Rukun Mosque is one of the oldest Islamic places of worship in the capital, built circa 667 (1268/9 CE). The Mosque of Islamic Solidarity in Mogadishu is the largest masjid in the Horn region. Mogadishu Cathedral was built in 1928 by the colonial authorities in Italian Somaliland in a Norman Gothic style, and served as the traditional seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio. The National Museum of Somalia is based in Mogadishu and holds many culturally important artefacts. The National Library of Somalia is undergoing a $1 million Somali federal government funded renovation, including a new library complex.Mogadishu is home to a number of scholastic and media institutions. As part of the municipality's urban renewal program, 100 schools across the capital are scheduled to be refurbished and reopened. The Somali National University (SNU) was established in the 1950s, and professors from the university later founded the non-governmental Mogadishu University (MU). Benadir University (BU) was established in 2002 with the intention of training doctors. Various national sporting bodies  have their headquarters in Mogadishu, including the Somali Football Federation and the Somali Olympic Committee. Mogadishu Stadium was constructed in 1978 during the Siad Barre administration, with the assistance of Chinese engineers. It hosts football matches with teams from the Somalia League and the Somalia Cup. Additionally, the Port of Mogadishu serves as a major national seaport and is the largest harbour in Somalia. The Mogadishu International Airport, the capital's main airport, is the hub of the relaunched national carrier Somali Airlines."
"Mogaung (Burmese: မိုးကောင်း [móɡáʊɴ]; Shan: Mong Kawng) is a town in Kachin State, Myanmar. It is situated on the Mandalay-Myitkyina railway line."
"Mogok (Burmese: မိုးကုတ္, pronounced: [móɡoʊʔ]; Shan: မိူင်းၵုတ်ႈ) is a city in the Pyin Oo Lwin District of the Mandalay Region of Burma (Myanmar), located 200 km north of Mandalay and 148 km northeast of Shwebo."
"Mohnyin (Burmese: မိုးညှင်း, Burmese pronunciation: [móɲ̥ɪ́ɴ]; Shan:Mong Yang) is a town in Kachin State, Myanmar. It is the administrative center for both Mohnyin Township and Mohnyin District.Shells of different sizes were found in mass on 19 September. Those were found in apple-pie order while rooting up a tree between MohnyinDistrict Court and the Township General Administration Department. From 19 to 24 October, 3,916 shells of 11 kinds have been dig out from about three feet deep in the ground."
"Momauk (Burmese: မိုးမောက်မြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar."
"Mombasa is the second-largest city in Kenya, with a population of about 1.2 million.A regional cultural and economic hub, Mombasa has a large port and an international airport, and is an important regional tourism centre. Located on the east coast of Kenya, in Mombasa County and the former Coast Province, Mombasa's bordering the Indian Ocean made it a historical trading centre, and it has been controlled by many countries because of its strategic location.Administratively, Mombasa is the capital of, and is coincident with, Mombasa County. The governor is Hassan Ali Joho."
"Mong Hpayak (also Mong Hpyak, Mongphyat, Maingbyat, Meng-pen-ma; Mong is equivalent to Mueang) is a town in  Mong Hpayak District of Shan State of Burma (Myanmar). It is the principal town of and administrative center for both the district and Mong Hpayak Township.  The town is located on the Tachilek–Kengtung paved road. As of 2005, a paved road was under construction from Mong Hpayak east to Mong Yawng."
"Mong Kung, Mongkung, Mongkaung or Möngkung (Burmese, Maing-kaing), is a town in Shan State some 100 kilometres east of Mandalay. It is the capital of Mong Kung Township, Myanmar."
"Mong Pan, Mongpan or Möngpan is a town and seat of Mong Pan Township in the southern Shan State of Burma.  To the south it borders Mae Hong Son Province in Thailand and lies west of the Salween River. It lies along National Road 45."
"Mongu is the capital of Western Province in Zambia and was the capital of the formerly-named province and historic state, Barotseland. Its population is 179,585 (2010 census), and it is also headquarters of Mongu District."
"Monrovia /mənˈroʊviə/ is the capital city of the West African country of Liberia. Located on the Atlantic Coast at Cape Mesurado, Monrovia had a population of 970,824 as of the 2008 census. With 29% of the total population of Liberia, Monrovia is the country's most populous city.Monrovia is Liberia's cultural, political and financial hub.  The body that administers the government of Greater Monrovia District is the Monrovia City Corporation.Founded in 1822, Monrovia was the first permanent Black American settlement in West Africa. Monrovia's economy is dominated by its harbour and as the location of Liberia's government offices."
"The City of Monterey in Monterey County is located on the southern edge of Monterey Bay, on Central California's Pacific coast.  It stands at an elevation of 26 feet (8 m) above sea level, on a land area of 8.466 sq mi (21.927 km²). The 2010 census recorded a population of 27,810.Monterey was the capital of Alta California under both Spain and Mexico. It was the only port of entry for taxable goods in California. In 1846 the U.S. flag was raised over the Customs House, and California became part of the United States after the ensuing Mexican-American War.The city had California's first theatre, public building, public library, publicly funded school,  printing press, and newspaper.  The city and surrounding area have attracted artists since the late 19th century and many celebrated painters and writers have lived there. Until the 1950s, there was an abundant fishery.Among Monterey's notable present-day attractions are the Monterey Bay Aquarium, Cannery Row, Fisherman's Wharf and the annual Monterey Jazz Festival."
"Monterrey (Spanish pronunciation: [monteˈrei] (13px )), is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of Nuevo León in the country of Mexico. The city is anchor to the third-largest metropolitan area in Mexico and is ranked as the ninth-largest city in the nation. Monterrey serves as a commercial center in the north of the country and is the base of many significant international corporations.It is the second wealthiest city in Mexico and the ninth in Latin America with a GDP PPP of 130.7 billion dollars in 2012. Monterrey's GDP PPP per capita of 31,051 dollars is the highest in the country and second of Latin America. It is considered a Beta World City, cosmopolitan and competitive. Rich in history and culture, Monterrey is often regarded as the most ""americanized"" and developed city in the entire country, even above the cities along the U.S.-Mexico border.As an important industrial and business center, the city is also home to an array of Mexican companies, including Grupo Avante, Lanix Electronics, Ocresa, CEMEX, Vitro, Mercedes-Benz Mexico, OXXO, BMW de Mexico, Grupo Bimbo, DINA S.A., Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery and Heineken, which features Norteño capital and Grupo ALFA. Monterrey is also home to international companies such as Accenture, Sony, Toshiba, Carrier, Whirlpool, Samsung, Toyota, Daewoo, Ericsson, Nokia, Dell, Boeing, HTC, General Electric, Gamesa, LG, SAS Institute, Grundfos, Danfoss, and Teleperformance, among others.Monterrey is located in northeast Mexico, at the foothills of the Sierra Madre Oriental. The uninterrupted settlement of Monterrey starts in 1596, with its founding by Diego de Montemayor. In the years after the Mexican War of Independence, Monterrey became an important business center. With the establishment of Fundidora Monterrey, the city experienced a great industrial growth."
"Montevideo (Spanish pronunciation: [monteβiˈðe.o]) is the capital and largest city of Uruguay. According to the 2011 census, the city proper has a population of 1,319,108 (about one-third of the country's total population) in an area of 194.0 square kilometres (74.9 sq mi). The southernmost capital city in the Americas, Montevideo is situated in the southern coast of the country, on the northeastern bank of the Río de la Plata. The city was established in 1724 by a Spanish soldier, as a strategic move amidst the Spanish-Portuguese dispute over the platine region; and it was also under brief British rule in 1807.Montevideo hosted all the matches during the first FIFA World Cup. Montevideo is the seat of the administrative headquarters of Mercosur and ALADI, South America’s and Latin America’s leading trading blocs.Mercer has ranked Montevideo the top Latin American city since 2006 onwards (2014) on its quality of life rankings. As of 2010, it had a GDP of $33 billion, with a per capita of $21,000; making Montevideo the 19th most economically powerful city in the continent and 9th highest income earner among major cities. For 2025 the projections are $61 billion and $33,000; respectively.It is classified as a Beta World City, ranking seventh in Latin America and 73rd in the world. Described as a ""vibrant, eclectic place with a rich cultural life"", and ""a thriving tech center and entrepreneurial culture"", Montevideo ranks 8th in Latin America on the 2013 MasterCard Global Destination Cities Index. By 2014, is also regarded as the fifth most gay-friendly major city in the world, first in Latin America. It is the hub of commerce and higher education in Uruguay as well as its chief port. The city is also the financial and cultural hub of a larger metropolitan area, with a population of around 2 million."
"Montgomery /mɒntˈɡʌməri/ is the capital of the U.S. state of Alabama and is the county seat of Montgomery County.  Named for Richard Montgomery, it is located on the Alabama River, in the Gulf Coastal Plain.  As of the 2010 Census, Montgomery had a population of 205,764.  It is the second-largest city in Alabama, after Birmingham, and the 103rd largest in the United States. The Montgomery Metropolitan Statistical Area had a 2010 estimated population of 374,536. It is the fourth-largest in the state and 136th among United States metropolitan areas.The city was incorporated in 1819, as a merger of two towns situated along the Alabama River. It became the state capital in 1846, representing the shift of power to the south-central area with the growth of cotton as a commodity crop of the Black Belt and Mobile's rise as a mercantile port. In February 1861, Montgomery was selected as the first capital of the Confederate States of America, until the seat of government moved to Richmond, Virginia, in May of that year. During the mid-20th century, Montgomery was a major site of events in the African-American Civil Rights Movement, including the Montgomery Bus Boycott and the Selma to Montgomery marches.In addition to housing many Alabama government agencies, Montgomery has a large military presence due to Maxwell Air Force Base; public universities Alabama State University, Troy University (Montgomery campus), and Auburn University at Montgomery; private colleges/universities Faulkner University and Huntingdon College; high-tech manufacturing, including Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama; and cultural attractions such as the Alabama Shakespeare Festival and Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts.Two ships of the United States Navy have been named after the city, including USS Montgomery (LCS-8).Montgomery has won several national awards including being voted Best Historic City by USA Today, being named an All-America City in 2014 by the National Civic League, and being named the happiest city in Alabama. Montgomery has also been recognized nationally for its successful, and ongoing downtown revitalization and new urbanism projects with Montgomery having been one of he first cities in the nation to implement Smart Code Zoning."
"Monywa (Burmese: မုံရွာမြို့; MLCTS: muṃ rwa mrui.; pronounced: [mòʊɴjwà mjo̰]) is a city in Sagaing Region, Myanmar, located 136 km northwest of Mandalay on the eastern bank of the River Chindwin."
"Mopti is a town and an urban commune in the Inner Niger Delta region of Mali. The town is the capital of the Mopti Cercle and the Mopti Region. Situated 460 km northeast of Bamako, the town lies at the confluence of the Niger and the Bani Rivers and is linked by an elevated causeway to the town of Sévaré. The urban commune, which includes both Mopti and Sévaré, had a population of 114,296 in the 2009 census."
"Morogoro is a city with a population of 315,866 (2012 census) in the southern highlands of Tanzania, 169 kilometres (105 mi) west of Dar es Salaam, the country's largest city and commercial centre, and 223 kilometres (139 mi) east of Dodoma, the country's capital city. Morogoro is the capital of the Morogoro Region. It is also known informally as ""Mji kasoro bahari"", which translates as ""city short of an ocean/port""."
"Morondava [murunˈdav̥] is a city located in Menabe Region, of which it is the capital, in Madagascar. It is located in the delta of the Morandava River at 20°17′5″S 44°19′3″E."
"Mosul (/moʊˈsuːl/; Arabic: الموصل‎ al-Mawṣil; Kurdish: Mûsil مووسڵ; North Mesopotamian Arabic: el-Mōṣul; Syriac: ܢܝܢܘܐ Nînwe) is a city of over a million people in northern Iraq, some 400 km north of Baghdad. It is currently the largest city controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. The original city stands on the west bank of the Tigris River, opposite the ancient Assyrian city of Nineveh on the east bank, but the metropolitan area has now grown to encompass substantial areas on both banks. In the early 21st century, the majority of its population was Arab, with Assyrian Christian, Iraqi Turkmen and Kurdish minorities. The city's population grew rapidly around the turn of the millennium and by 2008 was estimated to be 1,800,000. Although half a million fled in 2014  it was still over a million that year. With the 2014 ISIL occupation, only Sunni Arabs remained in the city. The fabric muslin, long manufactured here, is named after this city. Another historically important product of the area is Mosul marble. People from Mosul are called Maslawis. The city of Mosul was home to the University of Mosul, which was one of the largest educational and research centers in Iraq and the Middle East.Until 2014 the city was a historic center for the Nestorian Christianity of the Assyrians, containing the tombs of several Old Testament prophets such as Jonah.In June 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant took over the city during the 2014 Northern Iraq offensive. As of August 2014, the city's new ISIL administration is functional, but power cuts are frequent."
"Mount Hagen (German: Hagensberg) is third largest city in Papua New Guinea, with a population of 46,250. It is the capital of the Western Highlands Province and is located in the large fertile Wahgi Valley in central mainland Papua New Guinea, at an elevation of 1,677 m (5,502 ft).The Highlands Highway is the main arterial route to connect Mount Hagen with the coastal cities of Lae and Madang.The city is named after the old eroded volcano Mount Hagen, located about 24 kilometres (15 mi) to the northwest. The volcano was named after the German colonial officer Curt von Hagen (1859-1897)."
"Mtwara is the capital city of Mtwara Region in southeastern Tanzania. In the 1940s, it was planned and constructed as the export facility for the disastrous Tanganyika groundnut scheme, but was somewhat neglected when the scheme was abandoned in 1951. The city is spread out over a large area planned to accommodate up to 200,000 people. The present population is around 80,000. As part of the development associated with the failed Tanganyika groundnut scheme, Mtwara features a deep-water port that can accommodate ocean-going vessels, and a range of large municipal buildings, including a post office. Recent improvements in the port made it possible for big container ships to berth there."
"Mudon (Burmese: မုဒုံမြို့; Mon: မုဟ်ဍုင်) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar. It is known for its large reclining Buddha."
"Munich (/ˈmjuːnɪk/; also /ˈmjuːnɪx/ in UK English; German: München, pronounced [ˈmʏnçən] (13px ), Bavarian: Minga [ˈmɪŋ(:)ə]) is the capital and largest city of the German state of Bavaria, on the banks of River Isar north of the Bavarian Alps. Munich is the third largest city in Germany, after Berlin and Hamburg, with a population of around 1.49 million. The Munich Metropolitan Region is home to 5.6 million people.The name of the city is derived from the Old High German term Munichen, meaning ""by the monks"". It derives from the monks of the Benedictine order who ran a monastery at the place that was later to become the Old Town of Munich; hence the monk depicted on the city's coat of arms. Munich was first mentioned in 1158. From 1255 the city was seat of the Bavarian Dukes. Black and gold — the colours of the Holy Roman Empire — have been the city's official colours since the time of Ludwig the Bavarian, when it was an imperial residence. Following a final reunification of the Wittelsbachian Duchy of Bavaria, previously divided and sub-divided for more than 200 years, the town became the country's sole capital in 1506. Catholic Munich was a cultural stronghold of the Counter-Reformation and a political point of divergence during the resulting Thirty Years' War, but remained physically untouched despite an occupation by the Protestant Swedes; as the townsfolk would rather open the gates of their town than risk siege and almost inevitable destruction. Like wide parts of the Holy Roman Empire, the area recovered slowly economically. Having evolved from a duchy's capital into that of an electorate (1623), and later a sovereign kingdom (1806), Munich has been a centre of arts, culture and science since the early 19th century. The city became the Nazi movement's infamous Hauptstadt der Bewegung (lit.: ""Capital of the movement""), and after post-war reconstruction was the host city of the 1972 Summer Olympics.Munich is home to many national and international authorities, major universities, major museums and theaters. Its numerous architectural attractions, international sports events, exhibitions, conferences and Oktoberfest attract considerable tourism. Since 2006, the city's motto has been ""München mag dich"" (""Munich loves you"").Munich is a traffic hub with excellent international, national and local connections, running a fast and reliable public transport system. It is a centre of finance, publishing and advanced technologies. Munich is one of the most prosperous and fastest growing cities in Germany, and the seat of numerous corporations and insurance companies. It is a top-ranked destination for migration and expatriate location, despite being the municipality with the highest density of population (4,500 inh. per km²) in Germany. Munich achieved fourth place in the frequently quoted Mercer livability rankings in 2011 and 2012. For economic and social innovation, the city was ranked 15th globally out of 289 cities in 2010, and 5th in Germany by the 2thinknow Innovation Cities Index based on analysis of 162 indicators. In 2013, Monocle ranked Munich as the world's most livable city with the highest quality of life."
"Muscat (Arabic: مسقط, Masqaṭ, Portuguese: Mascate) is the capital of Oman. It is also the seat of government and largest city in the Governorate of Muscat. According to the National Centre for Statistics and Information (NCSI), the total population of Muscat Governorate reached 1.2 million as of April 2014. The metropolitan area spans approximately 3,500 km2 (1,400 sq mi) and includes six provinces called wilayats. Known since the early 1st century CE as an important trading port between the west and the east, Muscat was ruled by various indigenous tribes as well as foreign powers such as the Persians, Portuguese Empire and the Ottoman Empire at various points in its history. A regional military power in the 18th century, Muscat's influence extended as far as East Africa and Zanzibar. As an important port-town in the Gulf of Oman, Muscat attracted foreign tradesmen and settlers such as the Persians, the Balochs and Gujaratis. Since the ascension of Qaboos bin Said as Sultan of Oman in 1970, Muscat has experienced rapid infrastructural development that has led to the growth of a vibrant economy and a multi-ethnic society.The rocky Western Al Hajar Mountains dominate the landscape of Muscat. The city lies on the Arabian Sea along the Gulf of Oman and is in the proximity of the strategic Straits of Hormuz. Low-lying white buildings typify most of Muscat's urban landscape, while the port-district of Muttrah, with its corniche and harbour, form the north-eastern periphery of the city. Muscat's economy is dominated by trade, petroleum and porting."
"Muse (Burmese: မူဆယ်, pronounced: [mùsʰɛ̀]) is the principal town of Muse Township also spell as Mu Se Township in northern Shan State, Myanmar. It is situated on the Shweli River, and is connected by a bridge and road to Ruili (Shweli, [ʃwèlì], in Burmese) in Yunnan Province, China.The old bridge dubbed the ""Gun Bridge""  by the locals on account of the frequent traffic of armaments from China to the military government of Burma was closed in 2005, replaced by a new bridge with a wider span and parallel to it."
"Mutare (known as Umtali until 1983) is the third largest city in Zimbabwe, with an urban population of around 188,243 and rural population of around 260,567. It is the capital of Manicaland province."
"Mwanza is a mid-sized port city on the southern shores of Lake Victoria in northwestern Tanzania. With a population of over 700,000, it is Tanzania's second largest city, following Dar es Salaam. Mwanza is the capital of the surrounding Mwanza Region."
"Myaing is a town and seat of Myaing Township in the Magway Region of central  Burma."
"Myaungmya (Burmese: မြောင်းမြမြို့ [mjáʊɴmja̰ mjo̰]) is a town in Myaungmya Township, Ayeyarwady Region, Myanmar.The town is home to the Myanmar Union Adventist Seminary, a Seventh Day Adventist seminary and Myaungmya Education College.Myaungmya is where U Nu, the first premier of independent Burma,and Daw Khin Kyi, the wife of national leader General Aung San were born. It was also one of the towns where anti-colonial nationalistic education was implemented, with U Nu serving as district education officer."
"Myingyan is a city and district in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar, previously, it was a district in the Meiktila Division of Upper Burma. It is currently the capital of Myingyan Township and lies along the National Highway 2. As of 2002, the city had a population of 123,700 and the district had 580,000. It lies in the valley of the Ayeyarwady River, to the south of Mandalay, on the east bank of the river. The area around the town is flat, especially to the north and along the banks of the Ayeyarwady. Inland the country rises in gently undulating slopes. The most noticeable feature is Popa Hill, an extinct volcano, to the south-east. The highest peak is 4,962 ft. above sea-level. The climate is dry, with high south winds from March until September. The annual rainfall averages about 35 in. The temperature varies between 106 and 70 Fahrenheit. The ordinary crops are millet, sesame, cotton, maize, rice and a great variety of peas and beans. There are no forests, but a great deal of low scrubland. Myingyan is the head of the branch railway to Thazi and the main line between Yangon and Mandalay.Myingyan Prison in Myingyan District was known as the most infamous detention center among Burma's political prisoners for its atrocities from early 1990s' to October 1999 when the International Committee for Red Cross (ICRC) was granted an access to the prison."
"Myinmu  (Burmese: မြင်းမူ) is a river town in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma. The town has a rich history linked to World War II during the Burma Campaign against the Japanese, in 1944. It was also under the control of the Portuguese Missionaries in the 19th century. One of the first agricultural cooperatives was established here in 1905."
"Myitkyina (Burmese: မြစ်ကြီးနားမြို့; MLCTS: mrac kri: na: mrui., pronounced: [mjɪʔtɕíná]) is the capital city of Kachin State in Myanmar (Burma), located 1,480 kilometers (920 mi) from Yangon, and 785 kilometers (488 mi) from Mandalay. In Burmese it means ""near the big river"", and Myitkyina is on the west bank of the Ayeyarwady River, just below 40 kilometers (25 mi) from Myit-son (Burmese for confluence) of its two headstreams (the Mali and N'mai rivers). It is the northernmost river port and railway terminus in Myanmar. The city is served by Myitkyina Airport."
"Myothit (Burmese: မြို့သစ်) is a town of Myothit Township in Magway District in the Magway Division in Myanmar."
"N’Djamena (/əndʒɑːˈmeɪnɑː/; French: Ndjamena; Arabic:  نجامينا‎ Nijāmīnā) is the capital and largest city of Chad, with a population of 1,605,696 as of 2012. A port on the Chari River, near the confluence with the Logone River, it directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri, to which the city is connected by a bridge. It is also a special statute region, divided into 10 arrondissements. It is a regional market for livestock, salt, dates, and grains. Meat, fish and cotton processing are the chief industries, and the city continues to serve as the centre of economic activity in Chad."
"N'dalatando (also spelt as Ndalatando; former official name: Vila Salazar) is a town in Angola and capital of Kwanza Norte Province. N'dalatando is seat of the Cazengo municipality.  Ndalatando was named Salazar by the Portuguese colonial authorities in 1936, honoring the Portuguese dictator Salazar. This was later modified to Vila Salazar. On 28 May 1956, the town was elevated to the status of city (cidade in Portuguese). After gaining independence on 11 November 1975, the Angolan government gave it back the name Ndalatando, effective 18 July 1976. The history of the place is traced back to the 1840s.The city is limited in the north by the river Luinha, and in the east, south and west by the Lucala River river.It is served by a station on the northern railway of Luanda Railway. The national road No. 230 links N'dalatando to Luanda in the West and Malanje in the East. The city is home to Angola's sole botanic garden. The garden was founded as part of a Portuguese agricultural research station and contains some impressive specimens of bamboos, rubber trees, podocarps and fruit trees. The garden also contains a large plantation of Etlingera elatior forbs (porcelain roses) for local trade."
"Nairobi /naɪˈroʊbi/ is the capital and largest city of Kenya. The city and its surrounding area also form Nairobi County. The name ""Nairobi"" comes from the Maasai phrase Enkare Nairobi, which translates to ""cool water"". The phrase is also the Maasai name of the Nairobi river, which in turn lent its name to the city. However, it is popularly known as the ""Green City in the Sun"" and is surrounded by several expanding villa suburbs. Inhabitants of Nairobi are called Nairobians, and the city is governed by the County Government of Nairobi, whose current governor is Evans Kidero.Nairobi was founded by the British in 1899 as a simple rail depot on the railway linking Mombasa to Uganda. The town quickly grew to become the capital of British East Africa in 1907, and eventually the capital of the newly independent Kenya Republic in 1963. During Kenya's colonial period, the city became a centre for the colony's coffee, tea and sisal industry. Nairobi is also a county in itself. The city lies on the Nairobi River in the southern part of country, and has an elevation of 1,795 metres (5,889 ft) above sea level.With a 2011 estimated population of about 3.36 million, Nairobi is the second-largest city by population in the African Great Lakes region after Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. According to the 2009 census, in the administrative area of Nairobi, 3,138,295 inhabitants lived within 696 km2 (269 sq mi). Nairobi is the 14th-largest city in Africa, including the population of its suburbs.Nairobi is one of the most prominent cities in Africa, both politically and financially. Home to thousands of Kenyan businesses and over 100 major international companies and organisations, including the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the main coordinating and headquarters for the UN in Africa and Middle East, the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON), Nairobi is an established hub for business and culture. The Nairobi Stock Exchange (NSE) is one of the largest in Africa and the second-oldest exchange on the continent. It is Africa's fourth-largest exchange in terms of trading volume, capable of making 10 million trades a day. The Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network (GaWC) defines Nairobi as a prominent social centre."
"Najaf (Arabic: النجف‎; BGN: An Najaf) is a city in Iraq about 160 km (roughly 100 miles) south of Baghdad. Its estimated population in 2008 is 560,000 people. It is the capital of Najaf Governorate. It is widely considered the third holiest city of Shi'a Islam and the center of Shia political power in Iraq. The city is home to the Imam Ali Shrine, and hosts millions of pilgrims yearly."
"Najran (Arabic: نجران‎ Najrān), is a city in southwestern Saudi Arabia near the border with Yemen. It is the capital of Najran Province. Designated a new town, Najran is one of the fastest-growing cities in the kingdom; its population has risen from 47,500 in 1974 and 90,983 in 1992 to 246,880 in 2004. The population mostly originates from the ancient tribe of Yām.Due to its long history, the inhabitants of Najran are made up of many ethnic groups, religions and backgrounds. Islam is the religion of all of the Najranis, with Shia Ismaili forming the plurality of the religious adherents. Hanbali, Shafi'i and Maliki Sunnis form the second largest ethno-religious group in the city, while the Zaydi Shia form the smallest ethno-religious group.The Arabic term Najrān has at least two meanings. It means both the wooden frame on which a door opens and also 'thirsty'. Local tradition also has it that the land derived its name from the first man to settle in the area, Najran ibn Zaydan ibn Saba ibn Yahjub ibn Yarub ibn Qahtan.Najran was the Yemeni centre of cloth making and originally, the kiswah or the cloth of the Ka'aba was made there (the clothing of the Kaba first started by the Yemeni kings of Saba).  There used to be a Jewish community at Najran, renowned for the garments they manufactured.  According to Yemenite Jewish tradition, the Jews of Najran traced their origin to the Ten Tribes. Najran was also an important stopping place on the Incense Route."
"Nakuru, is the capital of Nakuru County in Kenya and former capital of the Rift Valley Province. It has 307,990 inhabitants, making it the fourth largest urban centre in the country and the largest urban centre in the Kenyan mid-west with Eldoret in Uasin Gishu following closely behind. Nakuru lies about 1,850 m above sea level."
"Namibe (pre-1985:  Moçâmedes) is the capital city of Namibe Province in modern day Angola. It is a coastal desert city located in southwestern Angola and was founded in 1840 by the Portuguese colonial administration. The city's current population is 132,900 (2004 estimate).  Namibe has a cool dry climate and desert vegetation due to its proximity to the Namib Desert."
"Namtu (Shan: ၼမ်ႉတူႈ) is a town in northern Shan State, Burma. Famous for its Bawdwin and Namtu silver mines, it is situated on the Nam Tu River, and is connected to Lashio by the Burma Mines Railway."
"Nanchang (Chinese: 南昌; pinyin: Nánchāng) is the capital of Jiangxi Province in southeastern China, located in the north-central portion of the province. It is bounded on the west by the Jiuling Mountains, and on the east by Poyang Lake. Because of its central location relative to the Yangtze and Pearl River Delta regions, it is a major railroad hub in Southern China. Its population was 5,042,566 whom 4,171,926 in the built-up area made up of six urban districts plus the urbanized counties of Nanchang and Xinjian. As the Bayi Riot 1927 was distinctively recognized by the ruling Communist Party as ""firing the first gunshot against the evil Republic of China"", the current communist regime has therefore named the city since 1949 ""the City of Heroes"", ""the place where the People's Liberation Army was born"", and the most widely known ""place where the military banner of the People's Liberation Army was first raised""."
"Nanjing (About this sound listen; Chinese: 南京; pinyin: Nánjīng; Wade–Giles: Nan-ching) is the capital of Jiangsu province in Eastern China. It has a prominent place in Chinese history and culture, having been the capital of China for several periods. Its present name means ""Southern Capital"" and was widely romanized as Nankin and Nanking until the pinyin language reform, after which Nanjing was gradually adopted as the standard spelling of the city's name in most languages that use the Roman alphabet.Located in the lower Yangtze River drainage basin and Yangtze River Delta economic zone, Nanjing has long been one of China's most important cities. Having been the capital city of six different dynasties since 3 A.D., it is recognized as one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China. It was the capital of Wu during the Three Kingdoms Period, and the capital of the Republic of China prior to its flight to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War. Nanjing is also one of the fifteen sub-provincial cities in the People's Republic of China's administrative structure, enjoying jurisdictional and economic autonomy only slightly less than that of a province. Nanjing has long been a national centre of education, research, transport networks and tourism. It was the host city of the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics.With a total population of 8.16 million and a urban population of 6.55 million, Nanjing is the second-largest commercial centre in the East China region after Shanghai. It has been ranked seventh in the evaluation of ""Cities with Strongest Comprehensive Strength"" issued by the National Statistics Bureau, and second in the evaluation of cities with most sustainable development potential in the Yangtze River Delta. It has also been awarded the title of 2008 Habitat Scroll of Honour of China, Special UN Habitat Scroll of Honour Award and National Civilized City."
"Nanning (simplified Chinese: 南宁; traditional Chinese: 南寧; Zhuang: Namzningz; meaning 'South Tranquility') is the capital of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in southern China. It is known as the ""Green City"" because of its abundance of lush tropical foliage."
"Nasiriyah (Arabic: الناصرية‎; BGN: An Nāşirīyah; also spelled Nassiriya or Nasiriya) is a city in Iraq. It is on the Euphrates about 225 miles (370 km) southeast of Baghdad, near the ruins of the ancient city of Ur. It is the capital of the province of Dhi Qar. According to the 1987 census the city had a population of 265,937 people; the estimated population in 2003 was 560,200.The population of Nasiriyah is nearly exclusively Shī‘a Muslims with small Mandaean and Sunni muslim communities, until 1951 the town was a home to a sizable Jewish community.After the failed uprising of 1991, many families were massacred by Saddam Hussein's forces whilst thousands fled from Iraq to other countries such as the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and Sweden.Nasiriyah is the centre of a date-growing area, but many other agricultural products are produced here as well. The city's industries include boatbuilding, carpentry and silver working.The old parts of the town are built mainly from sun-dried brick and this part of the town is still enclosed by a mud wall. The newer parts are dominated by standard Iraqi block buildings.The city museum has a large collection of Sumerian, Assyrian, Babylonian, and Abbasid artifacts. The ruins of the ancient cities of Ur and Larsa are located nearby."
"Natal (Brazilian Portuguese: [naˈtaw], Christmas) is the capital and largest city of Rio Grande do Norte, a northeastern state in Brazil. As of the IBGE July 2009, the city had a total population of 950,820 (1,363,547 in its Greater Natal). The implementation of the Via Costeira (Coastal Highway), 10 km (6.2 miles) long avenue along the shore and the dunes, was the true starting point for the beginning of tourist activity in the State in the 1980s. That is where the main hotels of the capital city, Natal, are concentrated. Natal has several tourist attractions and is famous for its natural beauty (such as the crystalline waters of Maracajaú and the largest cashew tree in the world), for its historical monuments and buildings (such as the Forte dos Reis Magos, the Alberto Maranhão Theatre and Newton Navarro bridge), for its beaches (such as Ponta Negra, Pipa and Genipabu) and also for its off-season carnival, the Carnatal. The city also boasts the second largest urban park in Brazil, the Parque das Dunas.It is the capital of Brazil closest to Africa and Europe, and the Greater Natal International Airport connects Natal with many Brazilian cities and also operates some international flights. The city was one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup."
"Natmauk (Burmese: နတ်မောက်) is a town in Magway District, in eastern Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar), on the Yin River. It is the administrative seat of Natmauk Township.  Natmauk is famous for being the birthplace and hometown of the Burmese independence hero, Bogyoke Aung San."
"Natogyi is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar."
"Nawnghkio, variously spelt Naunghkio, Naungcho or Nawngcho, is a town in Loilem Township, in northern Shan State, Burma. It is connected to Mandalay, Pyin U Lwin, Kyaukme, Hsipaw and Lashio by road and rail and by road to Taunggyi via National Road 43. Asia World Company won the contract to rebuild part of the road in 2002. Originally on the Mandalay-Lashio Road, after Pyin U Lwin and before Kyaukme, Nawnghkio is on what is now the Mandalay-Muse Road, part of the Asian Highway Route 14 (AH14).Approximately 2,900 acres (12 km2) of land in the area were reclaimed and allotted to coffee growers in 1999-2000.Women of reproductive age (15-49) in Kyaukme and Nawnghkio have been targeted for improvement in reproductive health in the community in collaboration with Japan. A study mission was started in June 2004, with the project continuing for the period January 2005- December 2009."
"Ndola is the third largest city in Zambia, with a population of 455,194 (2010 census provisional). It is the industrial and commercial center of the Copperbelt, Zambia's copper-mining region, and capital of Copperbelt Province. It is also the commercial capital city of Zambia and has one of the three international airports, others being Livingstone and Lusaka.  It lies just 10 km from the border with DR Congo."
"Neiva is the Capital of the Department of Huila.  It is located in the valley of the Magdalena River in south central Colombia with a population of about 378,857 inhabitants. It is one of the most important cities in Southern Colombia, mainly because of its strategic geographical location."
"New Haven is the second-largest city in Connecticut (after Bridgeport), with a population of 129,779 people as of the 2010 United States Census. According to a census done by the Census Bureau as of July 1, 2012, the city had a population of 130,741. New Haven is the principal municipality in Greater New Haven, which had a total population of 862,477 in 2010. It is located on New Haven Harbor on the northern shore of the Long Island Sound in New Haven County, which in turn comprises a part of the New York metropolitan area.New Haven was founded in 1638 by English Puritans, and a year later eight streets were laid out in a four-by-four grid, creating what is now commonly known as the ""Nine Square Plan"", now recognized by the American Institute of Certified Planners as a National Planning Landmark. The central common block is New Haven Green, a 16-acre (6 ha) square, now a National Historic Landmark and the center of Downtown New Haven.New Haven is the home of Yale University. The university is an integral part of the city's economy, being New Haven's biggest taxpayer and employer.  Health care (hospitals and biotechnology), professional services (legal, architectural, marketing, and engineering), financial services, and retail trade also help to form an economic base for the city.The city served as co-capital of Connecticut from 1701 until 1873, when sole governance was transferred to the more centrally located city of Hartford.  New Haven has since billed itself as the ""Cultural Capital of Connecticut"" for its supply of established theaters, museums, and music venues.New Haven had the first public tree planting program in America, producing a canopy of mature trees (including some large elms) that gave New Haven the nickname ""The Elm City""."
"Newport is a seaside city on Aquidneck Island in Newport County, Rhode Island, United States. It is located 23 miles (37 km) south of Providence, and 61 miles (98 km) south of Boston. Known as a New England summer resort and for the famous Newport Mansions, it is the home of Salve Regina University and Naval Station Newport which houses the United States Naval War College, the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, and a major United States Navy training center. A major 18th-century port city, Newport now contains among the highest number of surviving colonial buildings of any city in the United States. The city is the county seat of Newport County (a county that no longer has any governmental functions other than court administrative and sheriff corrections boundaries).  Newport was known for being the city of some of the ""Summer White Houses"" during the administrations of Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy.  The population was 24,672 at the 2010 census."
"Nha Trang (/ˌnɑːˈtræŋ/, Vietnamese pronunciation: [ɲaː˧ ʈʂaːŋ˧] (13px )) is a coastal city and capital of Khánh Hòa Province, on the South Central Coast of Vietnam. It is bounded on the north by Ninh Hoà district, on the south by Cam Ranh town and on the west by Diên Khánh District. The city has about 392,000 inhabitants, a number that is projected to increase to 560,000 by 2015 and 630,000 inhabitants by 2025. An area of 12.87 square kilometres (4.97 sq mi) of the western communes of Diên An and Diên Toàn is planned to be merged into Nha Trang which will make its new area 265.47 square kilometres (102.50 sq mi) based on the approval of the Prime Minister of Vietnam in September 2012.Nha Trang is well known for its beaches and scuba diving and has developed into a popular destination for international tourists, attracting large numbers of backpackers, as well as more affluent travelers on the Southeast Asia circuit; it is already very popular with Vietnamese tourists, with Nha Trang Bay widely considered as among the world's most beautiful bays. Tourists are welcome to participate in the Sea Festival, held biennially. Nha Trang was the site of the Miss Universe 2008 Pageant on July 14, 2008 and Miss Earth 2010 was held on December 4, 2010. Nha Trang has been approved to host the 2016 Asian Beach Games.Historically, the city was known as Kauthara under the Champa. The city is still home to the famous Po Nagar Tower built by the Champa. Being a coastal city, Nha Trang is a centre for marine science based at the Nha Trang Oceanography Institute. The Hon Mun marine protected area is one of four first marine protected areas in the world admitted by the IUCN."
"Niamey (French pronunciation: ​[njaˈmɛ]) is the capital and largest city of the West African country Niger. Niamey lies on the Niger River, primarily situated on the east bank. It is an administrative, cultural and economic centre. Niamey's population, which was estimated at 774,235 in 2006, is now projected to be much higher.The city is located in a pearl millet growing region, while manufacturing industries include bricks, ceramic goods, cement and weaving."
"Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]; Armenian: Նիկոսիա Nigosia) is the capital and largest city on the island of Cyprus, as well as its main business centre.  It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.Nicosia is the capital and seat of government of the Republic of Cyprus. It is the southeasternmost capital of the EU member states. Having been in continuous habitation for over 4500 years, Nicosia has been the capital of the island since the 10th century. Nicosia was divided into the southern Greek Cypriot and the northern Turkish Cypriot parts in 1963, following the intercommunal violence that broke out in the city. Today, the northern part of the city is the capital of Northern Cyprus, a de facto state, and is considered by the international community as occupied Cypriot territory since the Turkish invasion in 1974.Through the years Nicosia has established itself as the island's financial capital and its main international business centre. The city was ranked in 2012 as the 5th richest city in the world in relative purchasing power.In the past few years Nicosia has seen remarkable progress regarding its infrastructure."
"Nikopol (Bulgarian: Никопол; historically Turkish: Niğbolu, Greek: Νικόπολις, Nikopolis, Hungarian: Nikápoly, Latin: Nicopolis) is a town in northern Bulgaria, the administrative center of Nikopol municipality, part of Pleven Province, on the right bank of the Danube river, 4 kilometres (2 miles) downstream from the mouth of the Osam river. It spreads at the foot of steep chalk cliffs along the Danube and up a narrow valley. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 3,892 inhabitants."
"Nin (Latin: Aenona or Nona) is a town in the Zadar County of Croatia, population 1,256 (2001), total municipality population 4,603 (2001).Nin was historically important as a centre of a medieval Christian Bishopric. Up to the abolition and Latinization imposed by King Tomislav in the first half of the 10th century, Nin was the centre of the autonomous Croatian branch of the Church. Nin was also the seat of the Princes of Dalmatia. The Bishop Gregory of Nin (Grgur ninski) was an important figure in the 10th century Church politics of Dalmatia."
"Nogmung (Burmese: နောင်မွန်းမြို့); sometimes Naung Mung or Naun Mong and combinations) is a town of about 1000 inhabitants (2006) in northern Kachin State (Myanmar, the former Burma). It is the last town encountered when hiking northwards to the Hkakabo Razi National Park and the highest peak of Myanmar, Mt. Hkakabo Razi. Nogmung is also the gateway for Tahaundam, the northernmost village of Myanmar. Nogmung is famous for its birds, and many endemic species are postulated to exist there. Most recently the Naung Mung Scimitar-babbler (Jabouilleia naungmungensis) was described. The Smithsonian's National Zoo and the Hkakabo Razi National Park Authorities have surveyed the avifauna since 2001 in Putao, Nogmung, and northwards to Tahaundam."
"Nouadhibou (Arabic: نواذيبو‎; formerly Port-Étienne) is the second largest city in Mauritania and serves as a major commercial centre. The city itself has about 118,000 inhabitants expanding to over 140,000 in the larger metropolitan area. It is situated on a 65-kilometre peninsula or headland called Ras Nouadhibou, Cap Blanc, or Cabo Blanco, of which the western side, with the city of La Güera, is part of Western Sahara. Nouadhibou is consequently located merely a couple of kilometers from the border between Mauritania and Western Sahara."
"Nouakchott (Arabic: نواكشوط‎ Nuwākshūṭ or انواكشوط, thought to derive from Berber Nawākšūṭ, ""place of the winds"" is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania. It is one of the largest cities in the Sahara. The city is the administrative and economic centre of Mauritania.Nouakchott was a small village of little importance until 1958, when it was chosen as the capital of the nascent nation of Mauritania. It was designed and built to accommodate 15,000 people, but droughts since the 1970s have displaced a vast number of Mauritanians, who resettled in Nouakchott. This caused rapid urban growth and overcrowding, with the city having an estimated population of 2 million in 2008 despite the official figures being under a million. The resettled population inhabited slum areas under poor conditions, but the living conditions of a portion of these inhabitants have since been ameliorated.Nouakchott is the hub of Mauritanian economy and is home to a port that handles 500,000 tonnes of cargo per year. A significant part of the population leads a nomadic lifestyle, setting up tents and relocating within the city. The city hosts the University of Nouakchott and several markets."
"Nueva Loja, also known as Lago Agrio, is the capital of the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador. It was founded in the 1960s as a base camp of Texaco. The official population as of the 2010 census is 57,727."
"Nyala (Daju: ""the place of chatting or a theatre"") is the capital of South Darfur state in the south-west of Sudan."
"Nyeri (officially known as Nyeri Municipality) is a town in situated in the Central Highlands of Kenya, which was the administrative headquarters of the country's former Central Province. Following the dissolution of the former provinces by Kenya's new constitution in 26 August 2010, Nyeri is now the largest town in the newly created Nyeri County.The town is situated about 150 km (a two-hour drive) north of Kenya's capital Nairobi, in the country's densely populated and fertile Central Highlands, lying between the eastern base of the Aberdare (Nyandarua) Range, which forms part of the eastern end of the Great Rift Valley, and the western slopes of Mount Kenya.The town's population according to the 2009 Kenya Population and Housing Census was 125,357. There is however a significant population of mainly Government and corporate workers ordinarily resident in Nyeri but who chose during the census to be counted in their areas of origin or areas where their families are resident.Nyeri's Town Centre is small. Its general appearance, owing mostly to a lack of footpath paving and the basic decoration of its buildings, is dusty and old, though there are some new construction developments and building renovations. While small business activities are vibrant, Nyeri is essentially a government administration town.The town has a relatively low cost of living in comparison to Nairobi and other major towns in Kenya. Located in Kenya's fertile highlands, food and water are plentiful and relatively cheap."
"The city and municipality of Oaxaca de Juárez, or simply Oaxaca, is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of the same name. It is located in the Centro District in the Central Valleys region of the state, in the foothills of the Sierra Madre at the base of the Cerro del Fortín extending to the banks of the Atoyac River.  This city relies heavily on tourism, which is based on its large number of colonial-era structures as well as the native Zapotec and Mixtec cultures and archeological sites. It, along with the archeological site of Monte Albán, were named a World Heritage Site in 1987.  It is also the home of the month-long cultural festival called the ""Guelaguetza"", which features Oaxacan dance from the seven regions, music and a beauty pageant for indigenous women.It is nicknamed ""la Verde Antequera"" (the green Antequera) due to its prior name (Nueva Antequera) and the variety of structures built from a native green stone. The name Oaxaca is derived from the Nahuatl name for the place, Huaxyacac, which was Hispanicized to Guajaca, later spelled Oaxaca. ""de Juárez"" was added in honor of Benito Juárez, who was a native of this state. The coat of arms for the municipality bears the image of the decapitated Donaji, who was an indigenous princess in the years immediately after the Conquest."
"Ohrid (/ɒx.rid/, Macedonian: Охрид [ˈɔxrit] (13px )) is a city in the Republic of Macedonia and the seat of Ohrid Municipality. It is the largest city on Lake Ohrid and the eighth-largest city in the country with over 42,000 inhabitants as of 2002. Ohrid is notable for once having had 365 churches, one for each day of the year, and has been referred to as a ""Jerusalem (of the Balkans)"". The city is rich in picturesque houses and monuments, and tourism is predominant. It is located southwest of Skopje, west of Resen and Bitola. In 1979 and in 1980, Ohrid and Lake Ohrid were accepted as Cultural and Natural World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. In fact, Ohrid is one of only 28 sites that are part of UNESCO's World Heritage that are both Cultural and Natural sites."
"Omuthiya Gwiipundi (short: Omuthiya) is the capital of Oshikoto Region in northern Namibia, situated approximately 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from Etosha National Park. It has about 5,000 residents. Prior to Omuthiya,  Tsumeb was the regional capital."
"Oshakati is a town of 37,000 inhabitants in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It is the regional capital and was officially founded in July 1966.  The city was used as a base of operations by the South African Defence Force (SADF) during the South African Border War and Namibian War of Independence. Oshakati is considered to be the largest town and capital of the northern area known as Ovamboland.Oshakati contains the electoral constituencies of Oshakati East and Oshakati West."
"Oslo  (English pronunciation: /ˈɒzloʊ/, OZ-loh, Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈuʂˈlu] (13px ) or, rarer [ˈusˈlu] or [ˈuʂlu]) is the capital and the most populous city in Norway. Oslo constitutes both a county and a municipality.Founded around 1000 AD, and established a ""kaupstad"" or trading place in 1048 by King Harald III, the city was elevated to a bishopric in 1070 and a capital under Haakon V around 1300. Personal unions with Denmark from 1397 to 1523 and again from 1536 to 1814 and with Sweden from 1814 to 1905 reduced its influence. After being destroyed by a fire in 1624, the city was moved closer to Akershus Castle during the reign of King Christian IV and renamed Christiania in his honour. It was established as a municipality (formannskapsdistrikt) on 1 January 1838. Following a spelling reform, it was known as Kristiania from 1877 to 1925, when its original Norwegian name was restored.Oslo is the economic and governmental centre of Norway. The city is also a hub of Norwegian trade, banking, industry and shipping. It is an important centre for maritime industries and maritime trade in Europe. The city is home to many companies within the maritime sector, some of which are among the world's largest shipping companies, shipbrokers and maritime insurance brokers. Oslo is a pilot city of the Council of Europe and the European Commission intercultural cities programme.Oslo is considered a global city and ranked ""Beta World City"" in studies performed by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network in 2008. It was ranked number one in terms of quality of life among European large cities in the European Cities of the Future 2012 report by fDi magazine. A survey conducted by ECA International in 2011 placed Oslo as the second most expensive city in the world for living expenses after Tokyo. In 2013 Oslo tied with the Australian city of Melbourne as the fourth most expensive city in the world, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)'s Worldwide Cost of Living study.As of January 2014 the city of Oslo has a population of 634,000. The Metropolitan area of Oslo has a population of 1,502,604, of whom 951,581 live in the contiguous conurbation. The population currently increases at record rates, making it the fastest growing major city in Europe. This growth stems for the most part from international immigration and related high birth rates, but also from intra-national migration. The immigrant population in the city is growing somewhat faster than the Norwegian population, and in the city proper this is now more than 25% of the total."
"Osogbo  (also Oṣogbo , rarely Oshogbo) is a city in Nigeria, the capital of Osun State. Osogbo city seats the Headquarters of both Osogbo Local Government Area (situated at Oke Baale Area of the city) and Olorunda Local Government Area (situated at Igbonna Area of the city). It is some 88 kilometers by road Northeast of Ibadan. It is also 100 kilometers by road South of Ilorin and 115 kilometers Northwest of Akure; Osogbo shares boundary with Ikirun, Ilesa, Ede, Egbedore and Iragbiji and is easily accessible from any part of the state because of its central nature. It is about 48 km from Ife, 32 km from Ilesa, 46 km from Iwo, 48 km from Ikire and 46 km from Ila-Orangun; The City boasted of a population of about  156,694 people, based on the 1991 Census; the postal code of the area is 230."
"Otjiwarongo (Otjiherero: pleasant place or place where fat cattle graze) is a city of 70,000 inhabitants in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It is the district capital of the Otjiwarongo electoral constituency and also the capital of Otjozondjupa. Otjiwarongo is situated in central-north Namibia on the TransNamib railway. It is the biggest business centre for Otjozondjupa Region. Otjiwarongo is located on the B1 road and its links between Windhoek, the Golden Triangle of Otavi, Tsumeb and Grootfontein, and Etosha National Park. It is one of Namibia’s fast-growing towns, with a neat and peaceful quality environment, and many excellent facilities including supermarkets, banks, lodges and hotels. Some of Namibia's best-known private game farms and nature reserves are located in and around the town. Otjibamba Lodge, an afro-colonial style lodge, is situated on the southern side of the town near the Otjiwarongo Golf Course.Otjiwarongo is one of Namibia's towns with a large population of German-speaking people. German influence is also evident on its Germanic buildings. The school ""Donatus School Otjiwarongo"" (D.S.O.) was once known as ""Deutsche Schule Otjiwarongo""."
"Ottawa (/ˈɒtəwə/ or /ˈɒtəwɑː/) is the capital of Canada. It stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of Southern Ontario. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec; the two form the cores of the Ottawa–Gatineau census metropolitan area (CMA) and the National Capital Region (NCR). The 2011 census reported a population of 883,391 within the city, and 1,236,324 within the CMA, making them the fourth-largest city and the fourth-largest CMA in Canada respectively. The City of Ottawa has since estimated it had a population of 943,260 in 2013.Founded in 1826 as Bytown and incorporated as ""Ottawa"" in 1855, the city has evolved into a political and technological centre of Canada. Its original boundaries were expanded through numerous minor annexations and ultimately replaced by a new city incorporation and major amalgamation in 2001 which significantly increased its land area. The name ""Ottawa"" is derived from the Algonquin word Odawa, meaning  ""to trade"".Initially an Irish and French Christian settlement, Ottawa has become a multicultural city with a diverse population. The city is known as being among the most educated in Canada and hosts a number of post-secondary, research, and cultural institutions. Ottawa has a high standard of living and low unemployment. It ranks 2nd out of 150 in the Numbeo quality of life index, 14th out of 221 in the Mercer Quality of Living Survey, and it contains a UNESCO World Heritage Site."
"Owerri (/oʊˈwɛriː/ oh-WERR-ee, Igbo: Owèrrè) is the capital of Imo State in Nigeria, set in the heart of the Igboland. Owerri consists of three Local Govern Areas including Owerri Municipal, Owerri North and Owerri West, it has an estimated population of about 400,000 as of 2006and is approximately 40 square miles (100 km2) in area. Owerri is bordered by the Otamiri River to the east and the Nworie River to the south.The Owerri Slogan is Heartland. It is currently referred to as the entertainment capital of Nigeria and is home to an annual beauty pageant called ""Miss Heartland""."
"Pachuca, (About this sound pa't͡ʃuka ) formally known as Pachuca de Soto, is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Hidalgo. It is located in the south-central part of the state. Pachuca de Soto is also the name of the municipality of which the city serves as municipal seat. Pachuca is located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) from Mexico City via Mexican Federal Highway 85.There is no consensus about the origin of the name Pachuca. It has been traced to the word pachoa (strait; opening), Pachoacan (place of government; place of silver and gold), and patlachuican (place of factories; place of tears). The official name of Pachuca is Pachuca de Soto in honor of congressman Manuel Fernando Soto, who is given credit for the creation of Hidalgo state. Its nickname of “La bella airosa” (Beautiful Airy City) comes from the strong winds that blow into the valley through the canyons to the north of the city. In the indigenous Otomi language, Pachuca is known as Nju̱nthe.The area had been long inhabited but except for some green obsidian, but the mining that Pachuca is famous for began in the mid-16th century, during Spanish colonial rule. Pachuca remained a major mining center until the mid-20th century, with the city’s fortunes going up and down with the health of the mining sector.  In the mid-20th century, a major downturn in mining pushed Pachuca to change its economy to industry, with the revamping of the Universidad Autónoma de Hidalgo. Today, mining is only a fraction of the municipality’s economy.One cultural aspect that makes Pachuca stand out is the influence that Cornish miners who immigrated here in the 19th century have had. Many of their descendents remain in Pachuca and nearby Real del Monte, as well as two heritages that define the city, soccer and a dish called “pastes.”"
"Padang Panjang (sometimes written as Padangpanjang, literally translated means long field) is located in the cool highlands of West Sumatra, inland from the provincial capital Padang. It sits on a plateau beneath the volcanoes Mount Marapi and Mount Singgalang. It has an area of 23 km² and a population of about 50,000. It is located at 0°27′S 100°25′E.Home to a famous performing arts conservatorium, Sekolah Tinggi Seni Indonesia (STSI or ""Indonesian College of the Art"") Padang Panjang, the town stretches up the hill from the marketplace and central mosque, to the soccer field and bus terminal on up to STSI. The main road through Padang Panjang links coastal Padang and the highland capital, Bukittinggi.The town is also home to the Minangkabau Cultural Documentation and Information Center (Pusat Dokumentasi dan Informasi Kebudayaan Minangkabau - PDIKM)."
"Padang Sidempuan is a city in North Sumatra, Indonesia, and the former capital of South Tapanuli Regency, which surrounds the city. It has an area of 114.65 km² and a population of 178,818 people (2000 census) rising to 191,554 in the 2010 census. The latest official estimate (for January 2014) is 199,582."
"Pagaralam is a city in South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 633.66 km² and a population of 118,904 (2003).Pagaralam is bounded by Bengkulu Province to the south, the district of Jarai to the north, the district of Kota Agung to the east and the district of Tanjung Sakti to the west."
"Pago Pago (/ˈpɑːŋɡoʊˈpɑːŋɡoʊ/; Samoan: [ˈpaŋo ˈpaŋo]) is the territorial capital of American Samoa. In 2010, its population was 3,656. The city is served by Pago Pago International Airport.  Tourism, entertainment, food, and tuna canning are its primary industries."
"Pakokku (Burmese: ပခုက္ကူ, [pəkʰoʊʔkù]) is a town in the Magway Region in Burma. It is situated about 30 km northwest of Bagan on the Irrawaddy River. It is the administration seat of Pakokku Township and Pakokku District.The town is the location of Computer University, Pakokku, Pakokku Education College and Pakokku University."
"Pakxan,  Paksan or Muang Pakxan (Lao ປາກຊັນ)  (French: Paksane) is a town in Bolikhamsai Province, in western Laos. It is the capital of Paksan District. The Nam Xan River joins the Mekong River at Paksan on the border with Thailand, opposite Bung Kan. Paksan is well connected to the south of Laos by Route 13."
"Pale  is a town in Pale Township, Monywa District, in southern Sagaing Region, Burma (Myammar).  It is the administrative seat of Pale Township. Pale is at a crossroads with one route going north to Yinmabin, one running west to Mindaingbin, and a third running southeast to Kyadet."
"Palembang is the second-largest city in Sumatra Island after Medan and the capital city of the South Sumatra province in Indonesia. It is one of the oldest city in the Malay Archipelago and Southeast Asia. Palembang is located on the Musi River banks on the east coast of southern Sumatra with land area of 374.03 square kilometres and a population of 1,742,186 people (2013 estimate). Palembang is the seventh-largest city in Indonesia after Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, Medan, Semarang, and Makassar. The city hosted the 26th edition of Southeast Asian Games from  11 to 22 November 2011 along with Jakarta.Palembang is one of the oldest cities in Indonesia, and has a history of being the capital city of the Kingdom of Srivijaya, a powerful Malay kingdom, which influenced much of Southeast Asia. The earliest evidence of its existence dates from the 7th century; a Chinese monk, Yijing, wrote that he visited Srivijaya in the year 671 for 6 months. The first inscription in which the name Srivijaya appears also dates from the 7th century, namely the Kedukan Bukit Inscription around Palembang in Sumatra, dated 683.Palembang's main landmarks include Ampera Bridge and Musi River, the latter of which divides the city into two. The north bank of river in Palembang is known as Seberang Ilir and the south bank of the river in Palembang is known as Seberang Ulu. The Seberang Ilir is Palembang's economic and cultural centre and the Seberang Ulu is its political centre."
"Paletwa (Burmese: ပလက်ဝမြို့) is one of the westernmost towns of Burma (Myanmar), in Chin State 18 kilometres from the border with Bangladesh. It is the administrative seat for Paletwa Township.Paletwa Township (Burmese: ပလက်ဝမြို့နယ်) is a township of Mindat District in the Chin State of Myanmar.The population of it was 85,893 according to an answer in Myanmar parliament on 8 Sep 2011."
"Palmas (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpawmɐs], Palm trees) is the capital and largest city in the state of Tocantins, Brazil. According to IBGE estimates from 2014, the city had 265,090 inhabitants.Palmas is located at the state geographic centre, at an average altitude is 230 m (755 ft). The city is located between these hills and the Tocantins River. In the east Palmas is bordered by the Serra do Lajeado. Palmas have a metropolitan with 440.000 inhabitants on the side of Palmas Lake.Palmas was founded in 1990, with the purpose of being the capital of the newest Brazilian state Tocantins, which was established after the promulgation of the new 1988 Brazilian Constitution. The city has a well-designed road system, and its urban zoning is modelled on that of Brasília. It has a symmetrical park in the city centre. In 2002, the Lajeado Hydroelectric Power Plant reservoir was completed, at which point the city gained many river beaches, and also the huge Ponte da Amizade Presidente Fernando Henrique Cardoso, which crosses over 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) over the reservoir, connecting Palmas with the major highway BR-153.The Palmas Airport connects Palmas with many Brazilian cities.The city is also home to the Federal University of Tocantins."
"Palopo or Kota Palopo is one of the autonomous cities (municipalities) in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, and the third-largest city in the province. Until it acquired its autonomy, Palopo was the capital of Luwu Regency. The population of the city was 148,033 at the 2010 Census."
"Palu is a chartered city (kota) on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, 1,650 kilometres (1,030 miles) northeast of Jakarta, at 0°54′S 119°50′E, at the mouth of Palu River. It is the capital of the province of Central Sulawesi of a long, narrow bay. Because of its sheltered position between mountain ridges, the climate is unusually dry. At the 2010 Census Palu had a population of around 336,300, not including those living in neighbouring regencies."
"Papun is a town in the Kayin State of southern Burma. It is on the east side of the Yunzalin River. It is a former headquarters of Karen National Union and the Karen National Liberation Army."
"Paramaribo (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌpaːraːˈmaːriboː], nickname: Par′bo) is the capital and largest city of Suriname, located on banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District. Paramaribo has a population of roughly 250,000 people, more than half of Suriname's population. The historic inner city of Paramaribo has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2002."
"Pasuruan (Dutch: Pasoeroean) is a city of East Java, Java, Indonesia. It is surrounded by but administratively separate from Pasuruan Regency. It is located around 65 kilometers of South East from Surabaya."
"Pathein (Burmese: ပုသိမ်မြို့; MLCTS: pu. sim mrui., Burmese pronunciation: [pəθèiɴ mjo̰]; Mon: ဖာသီ, [pha sɛm]), also called Bassein, is a port city with a 2004 population estimated at 315,600, and the capital of the Ayeyarwady Region, Burma.  It lies on the Pathein River (Bassein), which is a western branch of the Irrawaddy River.Pathein is the fourth largest city of Burma (Myanmar), situated 190 kilometres (120 mi) west of Yangon.It is located within the Pathein Township of Pathein District and is also the seat of all. Although once part of the Mon kingdom, Pathein has few ethnic Mon residents today. The majority are of Bamar, Burmese Indians, Kayin ethnicity. There are, however, notable minorities of Karen and Rakhine."
"Pauk is a town in Pauk Township, Pakokku District, Magway Region, in northwest Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative center for Pauk Township. Pauk is located on the western bank of the Kyaw River just above its intersection with the Yaw River.The current town was founded in 1840.  The local airport ICAO designation is VYPK (IATA code: PAU)."
"Paung (Burmese: ပေါင်မြို့; Mon: ပံင်, [pɔŋ]) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar."
"Payakumbuh is a city north-east of Bukittinggi (West Sumatra), Indonesia.  It has an area of 80.43 km² and a population of about 123,000 people in 2014. Literally translated, the city name means ""grassy swamp"".Payakumbuh is known for flying duck races and foods like gelamai, a sweet coconut palm sugared snack. Transport options within the city include bendi, a form of horse-cart. Payakumbuh produces a wide range of agriculture products including rice, milk, cattle and palm sugar."
"Pekalongan is a city of Central Java, Indonesia. It was formerly the seat of Pekalongan Regency on the northern coast of the province, but is now an independent municipality within the province. The city is Central Java's most important port, and is known for its batik.The Dutch name of the city is 'Pacalongan'."
"Peshawar (Pashto: پېښور‎    Pēx̌awar) (urdu= پشاور )(from Old Aryan/Sanskrit Purušapura, ""city of men"") is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (formerly called the North-West Frontier Province), and the administrative centre and economic hub for the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. Peshawar is situated in a large valley near the eastern end of the Khyber Pass, close to the Pak-Afghan border. Known as ""City on the Frontier"", Peshawar's strategic location on the crossroads of Central Asia and South Asia has made it one of the most culturally vibrant and lively cities in the greater region. Peshawar is irrigated by various canals of the Kabul River and by its right tributary, the Bara River.Peshawar has evolved into one of Pakistan's most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities.  In the last three decades, there has been a significant increase in urban population, in part due to internal migration of people in search of better employment opportunities, education, and services, and in part because of the influx of Afghans and other people internally displaced due to military operations and civil unrest in neighboring regions. Peshawar is the major educational, political, and business center of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Peshawar's recorded history goes back as far as at least 539 BC, making it one of the oldest living cities in South Asia."
"Philadelphia (/ˌfɪləˈdɛlfiə/) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and its only consolidated city-county, the fifth-most-populous city in the United States, and the core of the sixth-largest metropolitan area in the country. Located in the Northeastern United States at the confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers, Philadelphia is the economic and cultural center of the Delaware Valley. The population of the city was counted at 1,526,006 in 2010 and estimated at 1,553,165 in 2013, according to the United States Census Bureau. The four Pennsylvania counties nearest Philadelphia have an estimated total population of 2,510,793, while its Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes parts of four states, is home to more than 6 million people.In 1682, William Penn founded the city to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony. During the American Revolution, Philadelphia played an instrumental role as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States, who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and the Constitution in 1787. Philadelphia was one of the nation's capitals during the Revolutionary War, and the city served as the temporary U.S. capital while Washington, D.C., was under construction. During the 19th century, Philadelphia became a major industrial center and railroad hub that grew from an influx of European immigrants. It became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration and surpassed two million occupants by 1950. Following numerous civil rights protests and riots, the city experienced decades of heavy crime and neared bankruptcy by the 1980s.  Revitalization began in the 1990s with gentrification turning around many neighbors and reversing its decades-long trend of population loss.The city is the center of economic activity in Pennsylvania, and is home to the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and seven Fortune 1000 companies. It is also known for its arts and culture. The cheesesteak and soft pretzel are emblematic of Philadelphia cuisine, which is shaped by the city's ethnic mix. The city has more outdoor sculptures and murals than any other American city, and Philadelphia's Fairmount Park is the largest landscaped urban park in the world."
"Phnom Penh (/pəˈnɔːm ˈpɛn/ or /ˈnɒm ˈpɛn/; Khmer: ភ្នំពេញ, Khmer pronunciation: [pʰnum peɲ], formerly romanized as Panomping) is the capital and largest city of Cambodia. Located on the banks of the Tonlé Sap and Mekong River, Phnom Penh has been the national capital since French colonization of Cambodia, and has grown to become the nation's center of economic and industrial activities, as well as the center of security, politics, cultural heritage, and diplomacy of Cambodia.Once known as the ""Pearl of Asia,"" it was considered one of the loveliest French-built cities in Indochina in the 1920s. Phnom Penh, along with Siem Reap and Sihanoukville, are significant global and domestic tourist destinations for Cambodia. Founded in 1434, the city is noted for its beautiful and historical architecture and attractions. There are a number of surviving French colonial buildings scattered along the grand boulevards.Situated on the banks of the Tonlé Sap, Mekong and Bassac rivers, the Phnom Penh metropolitan area is home to about 2.2 million of Cambodia's population of over 14.8 million, up from about 1.9 million in 2008. The city is the wealthiest and most populous city in Cambodia and is the country's political hub."
"Pichilemu (Mapudungun: Small forest, pronounced: [pitʃiˈlemu] (13px )), originally known as Pichilemo, is a beach resort city and commune in central Chile, and capital of Cardenal Caro Province. The commune comprises an urban center and twenty-two villages, such as Ciruelos, Cáhuil, and Espinillo. It is located southwest of Santiago, the capital of Chile. Pichilemu had 12,251 residents as of 2012.The Pichilemu area was long populated by the indigenous Promaucaes. European-Chilean development began mid-sixteenth century, as conquistador Pedro de Valdivia gave Juan Gómez de Almagro the Topocalma encomienda (which included the current territory of Pichilemu) in January 1541. Pichilemu was established as an ""autonomous commune"" on December 22, 1891, by decree of President Jorge Montt and Interior Minister Manuel José Irarrázabal.  Agustín Ross Edwards, a Chilean politician and member of the Ross Edwards family, planned to develop it as a beach resort on the Pacific Ocean for upper-class Chileans. Pichilemu is home to five of the National Monuments of Chile: Agustín Ross Cultural Centre and Park; the wooden railway station, Estación Pichilemu;  El Árbol tunnel; and the Caballo de Agua. Part of the city was declared a Zona Típica (""Traditional Area"" or ""Heritage Site"") by the National Monuments Council, in 2004.The city is part of District No. 35 and is in the ninth senatorial constituency of O'Higgins Region electoral division. Pichilemu is home to the main beach in O'Higgins Region. It is a tourist destination for surfing, windsurfing and funboarding.Tourism is the main industry of the city, but forestry and handicrafts are also important. Pichilemu has many expansive dark sand beaches. Several surf championships take place in the city each year at Punta de Lobos, which according to Fodor's is ""widely considered the best surfing in South America year-round."""
"Pindaya (Burmese: ပင်းတယမြို့) is a town in the Shan State of Burma. It is located in the west of the state in Pindaya Township in Taunggyi District. Mainly famous for its limestone caves called Pindaya Caves where thousands of Buddha images have been consecrated for worship over the centuries, it is also one of the towns that host an itinerant market every fifth day."
"Pinlaung is a town and seat of Pinlaung Township,  in the Pa-O Self-Administered Zone of Shan State of eastern-central Burma. It lies along National Road 54,  northwest by road from Loikaw ."
"Pinlebu is a town in Katha District, Sagaing Division of Burma (Myanmar) on the Mu River. It is the administrative seat of Pinlebu Township.  The town is connected by road to Phaungbyin, Kawlin, and Bamauk. Its inhabitants include the Kadu and Kanan ethnic minorities, and the region has witnessed fighting between the Communists and the government troops."
"Piratini is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul with a population of some 19,000.   It is the former capital of the short-lived Riograndense Republic which was proclaimed on September 11, 1836."
"Pleiku is a city in central Vietnam, located in that nation's central highland region. It is the capital of the Gia Lai Province; Many years ago, it was inhabited primarily by the Bahnar and Jarai ethnic groups, sometimes known as the Montagnards or Degar. But now, it is inhabited primarily by Kinh ethnic group.  The town is the centre of the urban district of Pleiku which covers an area of 261 km².As of 2003 the district had a population of 186,763. The city sits at the junction of several national roads—National Road 14 to Kon Tum in the north and Buôn Ma Thuột in the south and National Road 19 to Stœng Trêng in Cambodia in the west (via Ratanakiri Province) and to Bình Định Province in the east. The city is home to the Hoàng Anh Gia Lai football club. Pleiku is served by Pleiku Airport in the near outskirts of the city."
"Plovdiv (Bulgarian: Пловдив) is the second-largest city in Bulgaria after the capital Sofia, with a population of 341,041 inhabitants as of June 2013. It is the administrative center of Plovdiv Province and the municipalities of the City of Plovdiv, Maritsa municipality, and Rodopi municipality, whose municipal body had a population of 403,153 inhabitants as of February 2011. It is an important economic, transport, cultural, and educational center, as well as the second-largest city in the historical international region of Thrace after Istanbul. It is the tenth-largest city in the Balkans after Istanbul, Athens, Bucharest, Belgrade, Sofia, Thessaloniki, Zagreb, Skopje, and Tirana.Plovdiv's history spans 6,000 years, with traces of a Neolithic settlement dating to roughly 4000 BC, ranking it among the world's oldest cities. Plovdiv was known in the West for most of its recorded history by the Greek name Philippoupolis (Φιλιππούπολις), which was introduced in 340 BC. Plovdiv was originally a Thracian city before later becoming a Greek city, and then a major Roman city. In the Middle Ages, it retained its strategic regional importance, changing hands between the Byzantine and Bulgarian Empires. It came under Ottoman rule in the 14th century. On 4 January 1878, Plovdiv was “liberated” from Ottoman rule by the Russian army. It remained within the borders of Bulgaria until July of the same year, when it became the capital of the autonomous Ottoman region of Eastern Rumelia. In 1885, Plovdiv and Eastern Rumelia itself became part of Bulgaria.Plovdiv is situated in south-central Bulgaria on the two banks of the Maritsa River. The city has historically developed on seven syenite hills, some of which are 250 m (820.21 ft) high. Because of these hills, Plovdiv is often referred to in Bulgaria as ""The City of the Seven Hills"".Plòvdiv is host to cultural events such as the International Fair Plovdiv, the international theatrical festival ""A stage on a crossroad"", and the TV festival ""The golden chest"". There are many remains preserved from antiquity such as the ancient Plovdiv Roman theatre, Roman odeon, Roman Stadium, the archaeological complex Eirene, and others.The oldest American educational institution outside the United States was founded in Plovdiv in 1860, which was later moved to Sofia – today's American College of Sofia.On 5 September 2014, Plovdiv was selected as the Bulgarian host of the European Capital of Culture 2019."
"Podgorica (/ˈpɒdɡəriːtsə/ POD-gorr-ee-tsə; Montenegrin Cyrillic: Подгорица, pronounced [pǒdɡorit͡sa]), lit. ""under the small hill"") is the capital and largest city of Montenegro. In contemporary history, the city was also known as Titograd [tîtoɡraːd] from 1946 to 1992 during the existence of SFR Yugoslavia.Podgorica's favourable position at the confluence of the Ribnica and Morača rivers and the meeting point of the fertile Zeta Plain and Bjelopavlići Valley has encouraged settlement. The city is close to winter ski centres in the north and seaside resorts on the Adriatic Sea.The city's population was 156,169 in the 2011 census. The Podgorica Municipality contains 10.4% of Montenegro's territory and 29.9% of its population. It is the administrative centre of Montenegro and its economic, cultural and educational focus."
"Pondicherry (/pɒndɨˈtʃɛri/ (Tamil: பாண்டிச்சேரி) or /pɒndɨˈʃɛri/ and ""Pondichéry"" in French) or Puducherry (Tamil: புதுச்சேரி) is a city, an urban agglomeration and a municipality in Pondicherry district in the Indian union territory of Puducherry. It is affectionately known as Pondy, and has been officially known by the alternative name Puducherry since 2006."
"Ponnagyun  (Burmese: ပုဏ္ဏားကျွန်းမြို့) is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar. it is the administrative seat of Ponnagyun Township."
"Pontianak (Jawi: ڤون تيناک ‎, Chinese: 坤甸市; pinyin: Kūn diān shì) is the capital of the Indonesian province of West Kalimantan. It is a large trading port city on the island of Borneo. Pontianak occupies an area of 107.82 km² in the delta of the Kapuas River. It is located almost precisely on the equator, hence it is widely known as Kota Khatulistiwa (Equator City). The city center is actually less than 3 kilometres (2 mi) south."
"Port-au-Prince (/ˌpɔrtoʊˈprɪns/; French pronunciation: ​[pɔʁopʁɛ̃s]; Haitian Creole: Pòtoprens) is the capital and largest city of the Caribbean country of Haiti. The city's population was 897,859 as of the 2009 census, and was officially estimated to have reached 942,194 in 2012.The city of Port-au-Prince is on the Gulf of Gonâve: the bay on which the city lies, which acts as a natural harbor, has sustained economic activity since the civilizations of the Arawaks. It was first incorporated under the colonial rule of the French, in 1749, and has been Haiti's largest city since then. The city's layout is similar to that of an amphitheatre; commercial districts are near the water, while residential neighborhoods are located on the hills above. Its population is difficult to ascertain due to the rapid growth of slums in the hillsides above the city; however, recent estimates place the metropolitan area's population at around 3.7 million, nearly half of the country's national population.Port-au-Prince was catastrophically affected by an earthquake on 12 January 2010, with large numbers of structures damaged or destroyed. Haiti's government has estimated the death toll at 230,000 and says more bodies remain uncounted."
"Port Harcourt (Igbo: Diobu, Iguocha or Ugwuocha; Pidgin: ""Po-ta-kot"") is the capital of Rivers State, Nigeria. It lies along the Bonny River and is located in the Niger Delta. According to the 2006 Nigerian census Port Harcourt has a population of 1,382,592. The port was built in 1912, but not given a name until August 1913, when the Governor of Nigeria, Sir Frederick Lugard, named it ""Port Harcourt"" in honour of Lewis Vernon Harcourt, then the Secretary of State for the Colonies.The area that became Port Harcourt in 1912 was before that part of the farmlands of the Diobu village group of the Ikwerre, an Igbo sub-group. The colonial administration of Nigeria created the port to export coal from the collieries of Enugu located 151 miles (243 km) north of Port Harcourt, to which it was linked by a railway called the Eastern Line, also built by the British.In 1956 crude oil was discovered in commercial quantities at Oloibiri, and Port Harcourt's economy turned to petroleum when the first shipment of Nigerian crude oil was exported through the city in 1958. Through the benefits of the Nigerian petroleum industry, Port Harcourt was further developed, with aspects of modernisation such as overpasses and city blocks. Oil firms that currently have offices in the city include Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron.Port Harcourt's primary airport is Port Harcourt International Airport, located on the outskirts of the city; the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) base is the location of the only other airport in the city and is used by commercial airlines Aero Contractors and Virgin Nigeria (now Air Nigeria) for domestic flights.The main educational establishment in the city is the University of Port Harcourt, and the current Mayor of Port Harcourt is Chimbiko Akorolo."
"Port Louis (French: Port-Louis) is the capital city of Mauritius, located in the Port Louis District, the western part also lies in the Black River District. Port Louis is the country's economic, cultural, political centre and most populous city. It is administered by the Municipal City Council of Port Louis. According to the 2012 census conducted by Statistics Mauritius, the population was 148,001."
"Port Sudan (Arabic: بور سودان‎ Bōr Sūdān / Pōr Sūdān ) is a port city in Sudan, and the capital of the state of Red Sea. As of 2007, it has 489,725 residents. Located on the Red Sea, it is the Republic of Sudan's main port city."
"Port of Spain, also written as Port-of-Spain, is the capital of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and the country's third-largest municipality, after Chaguanas and San Fernando.The city has a municipal population of 36,963 (2011 census), a metropolitan population of 128,026 (1990 unofficial estimate) and a transient daily population of 250,000. It is located on the Gulf of Paria, on the northwest coast of the island of Trinidad and is part of a larger conurbation stretching from Chaguaramas in the west to Arima in the east with an estimated population of 600,000.The city serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre and it has been the capital of the island since 1757. It is also an important financial services centre for the Caribbean and is home to two of the largest banks in the region.The city is also home to the largest container port on the island and is one of several shipping hubs of the Caribbean, exporting both agricultural products and manufactured goods. Bauxite from the Guyanas and iron ore from Venezuela are trans-shipped via facilities at Chaguaramas, about five miles (8.0 km) west of the city. The pre-lenten Carnival is the city's main annual cultural festival and tourist attraction.Today, Port of Spain is a leading city in the Caribbean region. Trinidad hosted the Fifth Summit of the Americas in 2009 whose guests included US President Barack Obama and US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Port of Spain also hosted the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in 2009 and hosted a Commonwealth Business Forum in 2011."
"Porto (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpoɾtu]), also known as Oporto in English, is the second-largest city in Portugal, after Lisbon, and one of the major urban areas in Southwestern Europe. The urban area of Porto, which extends beyond the administrative limits of the city, has a population of 1.4 million (2011) in an area of 389 km2 (150 sq mi), making it the second-largest urban area in Portugal. Porto Metropolitan Area, on the other hand, includes an estimated 1.8 million people. It is recognized as a Gamma-level global city by the Globalization and World Cities (GaWC) Study Group, the only Portuguese city besides Lisbon with such recognition.Located along the Douro river estuary in Northern Portugal, Porto is one of the oldest European centres, and its historical core was proclaimed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996. The western part of its urban area extends to the coastline of the Atlantic Ocean. Its settlement dates back many centuries, when it was an outpost of the Roman Empire. Its Latin name, Portus Cale, has been referred to as the origin of the name ""Portugal"", based on transliteration and oral evolution from Latin. In Portuguese the name of the city is spelled with a definite article (""o Porto""; English: the port). Consequently, its English name evolved from a misinterpretation of the oral pronunciation and referred to as Oporto in modern literature and by many speakers.One of Portugal's internationally famous exports, port wine, is named for Porto, since the metropolitan area, and in particular the adegas of Vila Nova de Gaia, were responsible for the production and export of the fortified wine. In 2014, Porto was elected The Best European Destination by the Best European Destinations Agency."
"Porto-Novo (also known as Hogbonou and Adjacé) is the official capital of the West African nation of Benin, and was the capital of French Dahomey. The commune covers an area of 110 square kilometres (42 sq mi) and as of 2002 had a population of 223,552 people.Porto-Novo is a port on an inlet of the Gulf of Guinea, in the southeastern portion of the country. It is Benin's second-largest city, and although Porto-Novo is the official capital, where the national legislature sits, the larger city of Cotonou is the seat of government, where most of the government buildings are situated and government departments operate.  The region around Porto-Novo produces palm oil, cotton and kapok.  Petroleum was discovered off the coast of the city in the 1990s, and has become an important export."
"Porto Alegre (local Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpoɾtʊ aˈlɛɡɾɪ] (13px ); Joyful Harbour) is the capital and largest city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. Founded in 1769 by Manuel Sepúlveda, its population of 1,509,939 inhabitants (2010) makes it the tenth most populous city in the country and the centre of Brazil's fourth largest metropolitan area, with 4,405,760 inhabitants (2010). The city is the southernmost capital city of a Brazilian state.Porto Alegre was founded in 1769 by Manuel Jorge Gomes de Sepúlveda, who used the pseudonym José Marcelino de Figueiredo to hide his identity; but the official date is 1772 with the act signed by immigrants from the Azores, Portugal. In the late 19th century the city received many immigrants from other parts of the world, particularly from Germany, Italy, and Poland. The vast majority of the population is of European descent.The city lies on the eastern bank of the Rio Guaiba (Guaiba Lake), where five rivers converge to form the Lagoa dos Patos (Lagoon of the Ducks), a giant freshwater lagoon navigable by even the largest of ships. This five-river junction has become an important alluvial port as well as a chief industrial and commercial center of Brazil.The port of Porto Alegre is important for transporting local produce. The ""capital gaúcha"" has a broad-based economy that lays particular emphasis on agriculture and industry. Agricultural production includes produce such as plums, peaches, rice and cassava grown on rural smallholdings. The shoe and leather industries are also important, especially in Novo Hamburgo, in the Metropolitan Region of Porto Alegre.In recent years, Porto Alegre hosted the World Social Forum, an initiative of several non-government organizations. The city became famous for being the first city that implemented participatory budgeting. The 9th Assembly of the World Council of Churches was held in Porto Alegre in 2006. Since 2000, Porto Alegre also hosts one of the world's largest free software events, called FISL.The city is one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup, having previously been a venue for the 1950 FIFA World Cup."
"Porto Velho (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpoʁtu ˈvɛʎu], Old Port) is the capital of the Brazilian state of Rondônia, in the upper Amazon River basin. The population is 426,558 people (as of the IBGE 2010 census). Located on the border of Rondônia and the state of Amazonas, the town is an important trading center for cassiterite, the mining of which represents the most important economic activity in the region, as well as a transportation and communication center. It is located on the eastern shore of the Madeira River, one of the main tributaries of the Amazon River. It is also Rondônia's largest city, and the largest state capital of Brazil (by area).The municipality occupies most of the border between Amazonas and Rondônia, and is simultaneously the westernmost and northernmost city in the state."
"Posadas (Spanish pronunciation: [poˈsaðas]) is the capital city of the Argentine province of Misiones, located at the south of the province, on the left-hand (eastern) shore of the Paraná River, opposite Encarnación, Paraguay. The city has an area of 965 km² and a population of 324,756, and the Greater Posadas area has a population of over 351,000 (2010 census [INDEC]).Posadas is the provincial centre of the government, culture and the economy. Furniture, tobacco, food, textile, and construction are its most important industries. Other important economical activities are commerce and services.Posadas is connected to the Paraguayan city of Encarnación by the San Roque González de Santa Cruz Bridge. The port, once of great economical importance, is used for sport vessels, carrier of passengers and some boats for sand transport. The city is located on National Route 12, some 1,300 kilometres from Buenos Aires. The General José de San Martín Airport (IATA: PSS, ICAO: SARP), at coordinates 27°22′S 55°58′W, is 7 kilometres from the city, and serves regular flights to Buenos Aires."
"Potsdam (German pronunciation: [ˈpɔtsdam]), is the capital city of the German federal state of Brandenburg. It directly borders the German capital Berlin and is part of the Berlin/Brandenburg Metropolitan Region. It is situated on the River Havel, 24 kilometres (15 miles) southwest of Berlin's city center.Potsdam was a residence of the Prussian kings and the German Kaiser, until 1918. Around the city there are a series of interconnected lakes and cultural landmarks, in particular the parks and palaces of Sanssouci, the largest World Heritage Site in Germany. The Potsdam Conference, the major post-World War II conference between the victorious Allies, was held at another palace in the area, the Cecilienhof.Babelsberg, in the south-eastern part of Potsdam, was a major film production studio before the war and has enjoyed success as a major center of European film production since the fall of the Berlin Wall. The Filmstudio Babelsberg is the oldest large-scale film studio in the world.Potsdam developed into a centre of science in Germany from the 19th century. Today, there are three public colleges, the University of Potsdam and more than 30 research institutes in the city."
"Prabumulih is a city in South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 435.10 km² and a population of 132,065."
"Prague (/ˈprɑːɡ/; Czech: Praha, [ˈpraɦa] (13px )) is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic. It is the fourteenth-largest city in the European Union. It is also the historical capital of Bohemia. Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava River, the city is home to about 1.24 million people, while its larger urban zone is estimated to have a population of nearly 2 million. The city has a temperate climate, with warm summers and chilly winters.Prague has been a political, cultural, and economic centre of central Europe with waxing and waning fortunes during its 1,100-year existence. Founded during the Romanesque and flourishing by the Gothic and Renaissance eras, Prague was not only the capital of the Czech state, but also the seat of two Holy Roman Emperors and thus also the capital of the Holy Roman Empire. It was an important city to the Habsburg Monarchy and its Austro-Hungarian Empire and after World War I became the capital of Czechoslovakia. The city played major roles in the Protestant Reformation, the Thirty Years' War, and in 20th-century history, during both World Wars and the post-war Communist era.Prague is home to a number of famous cultural attractions, many of which survived the violence and destruction of 20th-century Europe. Main attractions include the Prague Castle, the Charles Bridge, Old Town Square, the Jewish Quarter, the Lennon Wall and Petřín hill. Since 1992, the extensive historic centre of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites.The city boasts more than ten major museums, along with numerous theatres, galleries, cinemas, and other historical exhibits. A modern public transportation system connects the city. Also, it is home to a wide range of public and private schools, including Charles University (Univerzita Karlova v Praze).Prague is classified as an ""Alpha-"" global city according to GaWC studies, comparable to Vienna, Seoul and Washington, D.C. Its rich history makes it a popular tourist destination, and the city receives more than 4.4 million international visitors annually, as of 2011. Prague ranked fifth in the Tripadvisor world list of best destinations in 2014. Prague is one of the most visited European cities after London, Paris, Rome, Barcelona, Istanbul, Dublin, Bucharest and Amsterdam."
"Praia (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpɾajɐ], meaning ""beach"", in both Portuguese and Cape Verdean Creole), is the capital and largest city of Cape Verde, an island nation in the Atlantic Ocean west of Senegal. It lies on the southern coast of Santiago island in the Sotavento Islands group.  It is the island's ferry port and is home to one of the nation’s four international airports. The city centre is known as Platô due to its location on a small plateau.Praia is Cabo Verde's largest city, a commercial centre, and a port that ships coffee, sugar cane, and tropical fruits. Praia also has a fishing industry and there are resort beaches nearby. It is the seat of the Praia municipality."
"Pretoria is a city in the northern part of Gauteng Province, South Africa. It is one of the country's three capital cities, serving as the executive (administrative) and de facto national capital (Cape Town is the legislative capital and Bloemfontein the judicial capital). Pretoria is contained within the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations (among which also Centurion and Soshanguve). Pretoria itself is sometimes referred to as ""Tshwane"" due to a long-running and controversial proposed name change, which has, as of 2015, yet to be decided.Pretoria is named after the Voortrekker leader Andries Pretorius.Pretoria in South Africa is popularly known as the Jacaranda City due to the thousands of Jacaranda trees planted in its streets, parks and gardens."
"Pristina, also spelled Prishtina (Albanian: Prishtinë or About this sound Prishtina ; Serbian: Приштина or Priština; Turkish: Priştine), is the capital and largest city of Kosovo. It is the administrative center of the homonymous municipality and district.Preliminary results of the 2011 census put the population of Pristina at 198,000. The city has a majority Albanian population, alongside other smaller communities including Bosniaks, Romani and others. It is the administrative, educational, and cultural center of Kosovo. The city is home to the University of Pristina and is served by the Pristina International Airport."
"The city of Puebla (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈpweβla]), formally Puebla de los Ángeles, is the seat of the Municipality of Puebla, the capital and largest city of the state of Puebla, and one of the five most important Spanish colonial cities in Mexico. A colonial era-planned city, it is located southeast of Mexico City and west of Mexico's main Atlantic port, Veracruz, on the main route between the two in Central Mexico.The city was founded in 1531 in an area called Cuetlaxcoapan, which means ""where serpents change their skin"", in between of two of the main indigenous settlements at the time, Tlaxcala and Cholula. This valley was not populated in the 16th century as in the pre-Hispanic period; this area was primarily used to the ""flower wars"" between a number of populations. Due to its history and architectural styles ranging from Renaissance to Mexican Baroque, the city was named a World Heritage Site in 1987. The city is also famous for mole poblano, chiles en nogada and Talavera pottery. However, most of its economy is based on industry.Being both the fourth largest city in Mexico and the fourth largest Metropolitan area in Mexico, the city serves as one of the main hubs for eastern Central Mexico. Many students come from all over the country. The city is also important because of its industry, with the world's largest Volkswagen factory outside of Germany located in the Municipality of Cuautlancingo. As a result, many suppliers have opened factories in the city of Puebla."
"Pursat is the capital of Pursat Province, Cambodia. Its name derived from a type of tree. It lies on the Stung Pouthisat River."
"Purwakarta is a City in the West Java province of Indonesia the capital of Purwakarta Regency.Purwakarta existence is inseparable from the history of the struggle against the forces VOC. Around the beginning of the 17th century Sultan Mataram sent an army led by the Regent of Surabaya and West Java. One aim is to subdue the Sultan of Banten. But in a way that clashed with VOC forces had to withdraw.After the second expedition was sent back from the troops under the command of Mataram Dipati Ukur and suffered the same fate. To prevent territorial expansion of the Company (VOC), the Sultan of Mataram sent Penembahan Galuh Ciamis named RAA Wirasuta the title Duke or Duke Panatayuda Kertabumi III to occupy Rangkas Sumedang (Eastside Citarum). It also set up defenses in Tanjungpura, Adiarsa, Parakansapi and Kuta game. After the fort was founded Kertabumi III Duke then returned to Galuh and died. Name Rangkas, Sumedang itself turned into Karachi since the marshy condition of the area (Sunda: ""Karawaan"").Sultan Agung Mataram and then raised the son of Duke Kertabumi III, the Duke of Kertabumi IV into Dalem (Regent) in Donegal, in the Year 1656. Duke Kertabumi IV is also known as Panembahan Singaperbangsa or grandparent live, with the capital in the manly workable medication-manly workable medication.In the reign of R. Anom Wirasuta Panembahan Singaperbangsa son who holds RAA I Panatayuda between Year 1679 and 1721 the capital city of manly workable medication-manly workable medication Falkirk moved to Falkirk, with the local authority covering the area between Cihoe (Trade Agreement) and Cipunagara. Karawang regency government ended around the year 1811–1816 as a result of switching control of the Dutch East Indies from the Dutch Government to the British Government.The major Jatiluhur Dam is located quite close to Purwakarta and may be easily visited from the town. This dam also used as recreation place."
"Pyawbwe is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar."
"Pyay (Burmese: ပြည်မြို့; MLCTS: prany mrui., pronounced: [pjì mjo̰]; Mon: ပြန်, [prɔn]; also known as Prome) is principal town of Pyay Township in the Bago Region in Burma (Myanmar). Pyay is located on the Ayeyarwady River (Irrawaddy River) and is 260 km (160 mi) northwest of Yangon.The British Irrawaddy Flotilla Company established the current town in the late 19th century on the Ayeyarwady River (Irrawaddy River) as a transshipment point for cargo between Upper and Lower Burma.The district of Pyay encompasses the valley of the Ayeyarwady, located between Thayetmyo, Hinthada and Tharrawaddy districts. Along the western side of Pyay District are the Rakhine (Arakan) Yoma mountain ranges, and along the eastern side are the Bago (Pegu) Yoma mountain ranges. Pyay District's main towns are Pyay, Shwedaung, and Paungde."
"Pyinmana (Burmese: ပျဉ်းမနားမြို့; MLCTS: pyanymana: mrui., IPA: [pjɪ̀ɴməná mjo̰]; population: 100,000 (2006 estimate)) is a logging town and sugarcane refinery center in the Naypyidaw Union Territory of Myanmar. The administrative capital of Myanmar was officially moved to a militarized greenfield site (which the leader, Than Shwe, dubbed Naypyidaw, or Royal City) two miles (3.2 km) west of Pyinmana on November 6, 2005. Pyinmana is approximately 200 miles (320 km) north of Yangon. The village of Yezin, a few miles north and east of Pyinmana, has been the site of national scientific research institutions since the late 1970s.During World War II, Pyinmana was the base of the Burma Independence Army (later renamed and reorganized into the Burma Defence Army by the Japanese). It was in Pyinmana that the army and its officers were trained. Later the Burma National Army changed sides, aiding the Allies with guerrilla warfare, and the operations were seen as a victory by the Burmese. Pyinmana became an icon in the Burmese Army where it was seen as the place where 'superior invaders' were defeated by the Burmese. This may be one of the reasons why the current junta chose to locate the newly built capital Naypyidaw in such close proximity to Pyinmana."
"Pyongyang (/ˈpjɒŋˈjæŋ/;(Chosŏn'gŭl: 평양; hancha: 平壤), Korean pronunciation: [pʰjʌŋjaŋ], literally: ""Flat Land"" or ""Peaceful Land"", approved: P’yŏngyang; several variants) is the capital of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (commonly known as North Korea) and the largest city in the country. Pyongyang is located on the Taedong River and, according to preliminary results from the 2008 population census, has a population of 3,255,388. The city was split from the South P'yŏngan province in 1946. It is administered as a directly governed city (chikhalsi, 직할시) on the same level as provincial governments, not a special city (teukbyeolsi, 특별시) as Seoul in South Korea."
"Pyu, also spelled Phyu or Phyuu, is a town in Taungoo District, Bago Region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Phyu Township. It is named after the ancient Pyu kingdom of Burma."
"Qazvin (/kæzˈviːn/; Persian: قزوین‎, IPA: [ɢæzˈviːn] (13px ), also Romanized as Qazvīn, Caspin, Qazwin, or Ghazvin) is the largest city and capital of the Province of Qazvin in Iran.  Qazvin was an ancient capital in the Persian Empire and nowadays is known as the calligraphy capital of Iran. It is famous for its Baghlava, carpet patterns, poets, political newspaper and pahvali (Middle Persian) influence on its accent. At the 2011 census, its population was 381,598.Located in 150 km (93 mi) northwest of Tehran, in the Qazvin Province, it is at an altitude of about 1,800 m (5,900 ft) above sea level. The climate is cold but dry, due to its position south of the rugged Alborz range called KTS Atabakiya."
"Qena (Arabic: قنا‎ Qinā , Egyptian Arabic: [ˈʔenæ], locally: [ˈɡena]) is a city in Upper Egypt, and the capital of the Qena Governorate. Situated on the east bank of the Nile, it was known in antiquity as Kaine (Greek Καινή, meaning ""new (city)""; Latinized transliteration: Caene) and Maximianopolis."
"Qom About this sound pronunciation  (Persian:  قم‎ [Qom]), also known as Qum or Ghom; is the 8th largest city in Iran.  It lies 125 kilometres (78 mi) by road southwest of Tehran and is the capital of Qom Province. At the 2011 census its population was 1,074,036 (957,496 at the 2006 census, in 241,827 families), comprising 545,704 men and 528,332 women.  It is situated on the banks of the Qom River. Qom city enjoys a dry and warm climate with low annual rainfall due to remoteness from the sea and being situated in the vicinity of desert.Qom is considered holy by Shi`a Islam, as it is the site of the shrine of Fatema Mæ'sume, sister of Imam `Ali ibn Musa Rida (Persian Imam Reza, 789–816 AD). The city is the largest center for Shi'a scholarship in the world, and is a significant destination of pilgrimage.Qom is famous for a brittle toffee called ""Souhan"" (Persian:سوهان), considered a souvenir of the city and sold by 2,000 to 2,500 ""Souhan"" shops.Qom has developed into a lively industrial centre owing in part to its proximity to Tehran. It is a regional centre for the distribution of petroleum and petroleum products, and a natural gas pipeline from Bandar Anzali and Tehran and a crude-oil pipeline from Tehran run through Qom to the Abadan refinery on the Persian Gulf. Qom gained additional prosperity when oil fields were discovered at Sarajeh near the city in 1956 and a large refinery was built between Qom and Tehran."
"Quelimane (Portuguese pronunciation: [keliˈmani]) is a seaport in Mozambique. It is the administrative capital of the Zambezia Province and the province's largest city, and stands 25 km (16 mi) from the mouth of the Rio dos Bons Sinais (or ""River of the Good Signs"").  The river was named when Vasco da Gama, on his way to India, reached it and saw ""good signs"" that he was on the right path. The town was the end point of David Livingstone's famous west-to-east crossing of south-central Africa in 1856. Portuguese is the official language of Mozambique, and many residents of the areas surrounding Quelimane speak Portuguese. The most common local language is Chuabo. Quelimane, along with much of Zambezia Province, is extremely prone to floods during Mozambique's rainy season. The most recent bout of severe flooding took place in January 2007."
"Quetta  (Urdu: کوئٹہ‎, Pashto: کوېټه‎, Balochi: کویته About this sound pronunciation ) is the provincial capital and largest city of Balochistan province, Pakistan. Quetta is also known as the Fruit Garden of Pakistan, due to the numerous fruit orchards in and around it, and the large variety of fruits and dry fruits produced there. The immediate area has long been one of pastures and mountains with varied plants and animals relative to the dry plains to the west. Quetta is at an average elevation of 1,680 meters (5,510 feet) above sea level, making it Pakistan's only high-altitude major city. The population of the city is estimated to be approximately one million.Located in northern Balochistan near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, Quetta is a trade and communication centre between the three countries.  The city lies on the Bolan Pass route which was once the only gateway from Central Asia to South Asia.  Quetta played an important role militarily for the Pakistani Armed Forces in the intermittent Afghanistan conflict."
"Quezon City (Filipino: Lungsod Quezon, also known to Filipinos by its initials as QC) is the most populous city in the Philippines. It is one of the cities that make up Metro Manila, the National Capital Region of the Philippines. Quezon City was named after Manuel L. Quezon, second President of the Philippines, who founded the city and developed it to replace the City of Manila as the national capital for 28 years from 1948 to 1976. Quezon City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon Province, which was also named after the president. It is currently the largest city in Metro Manila in terms of land area.Having been the national capital for almost three decades, Quezon City is the site of many government offices, including the Batasang Pambansa Complex, which is the seat of the House of Representatives (the lower chamber of the Philippine Congress). The main campuses of two premier educational institutions, the state-funded University of the Philippines Diliman and the Catholic Ateneo de Manila University, are located in boundary of Manila and Quezon City."
"Quito (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkito]), formally San Francisco de Quito, is the capital city of Ecuador, and at an elevation of 9,350 feet (2,800 meters above sea level), it is the highest official capital city in the world. It is located in South America Ecuador in the Guayllabamba river basin, on the eastern slopes of Pichincha, an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains. With a population of 2,671,191 according to the last census (2014), Quito is the second most populous city in Ecuador, after Guayaquil. It is also the capital of the Pichincha province and the seat of the Metropolitan District of Quito. The canton recorded a population of 2,239,191 residents in the 2010 national census. In 2008, the city was designated as the headquarters of the Union of South American Nations.The historic center of Quito has one of the largest, least-altered and best-preserved historic centers in the Americas. Quito, along with Kraków, were the first World Cultural Heritage Sites declared by UNESCO in 1978. The central square of Quito is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the equator; the city itself extends to within about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) of zero latitude. A monument and museum marking the general location of the equator is known locally as la mitad del mundo (the middle of the world), to avoid confusion, as the word ecuador is Spanish for equator."
"Ramadi (Arabic: الرمادي‎; BGN: Ar Ramādī) is a city in central Iraq, about 110 kilometers (68 mi) west of Baghdad.  It is the capital of Al Anbar Governorate. The city extends along the Euphrates and is the largest city in Al-Anbar."
"Rasht (Persian:  رَشْتْ   or Raŝt‎ , Gilaki: Rèsht, also Romanized as Resht and Rast, and  often spelt Recht in French and older German manuscripts) is the capital city of Gilan Province, Iran.  At the 2012 census, its population was 622,209.Rasht is the largest city on Iran's Caspian Sea coast. It is a major trade center between Caucasia, Russia and Iran using the port of Bandar-e Anzali. Rasht is also a major tourist center with the resort of Masouleh in the adjacent mountains and the beaches of Caspian as some of the major attractions.Historically, Rasht was a major transport and business center which connected Iran to Russia and Europe, and was therefore entitled the ""Gate of Europe"". The city has a history that goes back to the 13th century but its modern history dates back to the Safavid era during which Rasht was a major center of the silk trade with numerous textile workshops."
"Ratnapura (Sinhala: රත්නපුර; Tamil: இரத்தினபுரி) (""City of Gems"" in Sinhala and Tamil) is a major city in Sri Lanka. It is the capital city of Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka and the Ratnapura District. The name 'Ratnapura' is a direct Sanskrit word meaning City (from the Sanskrit word 'Pura') of Gems (from the Sanskrit word 'Ratna') over 2000 years ago when the first Buddhist monks arrived here from the north eastern provinces of India namely Bodh-Gaya, Varanasi and Pataliputra they not only did bring with them the Buddhist religion but since their teachings were mainly in Sanskrit and Pali they also influenced the local language, the palm candy produced traditionally in this region, but the more common explanation in Sri Lanka is that it comes from the Sinhala ""ratna"" meaning gems and ""pura"" meaning city. Ratnapura is also spelled as Rathnapura. Located some 101 km south east of capital Colombo.It is the centre of a long-established industry of precious stone mining including rubies, sapphires, and other gems. Apart from gem mining, the city is known for rice and fruit cultivations. Large plantations of tea and rubber surround the city. Tea grown in this region is called low-country tea. There is a well-established tourism industry in Ratnapura. Sinharaja Forest Reserve, Udawalawe National Park, Kitulgala, and Adam's Peak are especially popular among tourists.In 1901, the town of Ratnapura had a population of 4,084, and in 2011, it had increased to 52,170 and this consisted of Buddhist, Hindus, Christians and Muslims."
"Ravenna (Romagnol: Ravêna) is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. It was the capital city of the Western Roman Empire from 402 until that empire collapsed in 476. It then served as the capital of the Kingdom of the Ostrogoths until it was re-conquered in 540 by the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire. Afterwards, the city formed the centre of the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna until the invasion of the Franks in 751, after which it became the seat of the Kingdom of the Lombards.Although an inland city, Ravenna is connected to the Adriatic Sea by the Candiano Canal. It is the location of eight UNESCO World Heritage Sites."
"Rawalpindi (Punjabi, Urdu: راولپنڈى‎, Rāwalpiṅḋī), commonly known as Pindi (Punjabi: پنڈی), is a rapidly growing city in the Pothohar region of northern Punjab, Pakistan. It is located only 14 kilometres (9 mi) south from the capital city of Islamabad, in the province of Punjab. The Rawalpindi/Islamabad metropolitan area is ranked the third highest in the country. Due to the high interdependence and intertwined areas of the two cities,  they are known as the twin cities of Rawalpindi/Islamabad. In the 1950s, Rawalpindi was smaller than Hyderabad and Multan, but the city's economy received a boost during the building of Islamabad (1959–1969), during which Rawalpindi served as the national capital. Rawalpindi is in the northernmost part of the Punjab province, located 275 km (171 mi) to the north-west of Lahore. It is the administrative seat of the Rawalpindi District. Also, Rawalpindi is the military headquarters GHQ of the Pakistani Armed Forces.Many tourists use the city as a stop before traveling towards the northern areas. Numerous shopping bazaars, parks and a cosmopolitan population attract shoppers from all over Pakistan and abroad. The city is home to several industries and factories.  Islamabad International Airport is located in Rawalpindi, which is also the Chaklala Airbase, and serves both cities and several neighboring districts for international flights."
"Rawson (originally ""Trerawson"" from Welsh) is the capital of the Argentine province of Chubut, in Patagonia. It has about 26,000 inhabitants, and it is the head town of the Rawson Department, which has 122,000 inhabitants (figures as per the 2001 census [INDEC]). Even though it is the provincial capital, its population is smaller than that of other cities in Chubut: Comodoro Rivadavia, Trelew, Puerto Madryn and Esquel. Rawson became the provincial capital in 1957, when Chubut was constituted as a province.Rawson is located on National Route 3, about 1,360 kilometres south of Buenos Aires, some 20 kilometres from both Trelew and it is served by the Almirante Marco Andrés Zar Airport in Trelew. It is crossed by the Chubut River, over which the first bridge was built in 1889.The city has a fishing port, Puerto Rawson, on the Atlantic coast, 5 km down the river. Provincial administration and the port are the main economical activities in the city.Rawson's climate is dry, with temperatures in the range of 0 °C to 15 °C in winter, and 10 °C to 20 °C in spring and autumn, with peaks of up to 38 °C in summer."
"Recife (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʁeˈsifi] (13px )) is the fifth-largest metropolitan area in Brazil with 3,743,854 inhabitants, the largest metropolitan area of the North/Northeast Regions, the 5th-largest metropolitan influence area in Brazil, and the capital and largest city of the state of Pernambuco. The population of the city proper was 1,555,039 in 2012.Recife is located where the Beberibe River meets the Capibaribe River to flow into the Atlantic Ocean. It is a major port on the Atlantic Ocean. Its name is an allusion to the stone reefs that are present by the city's shores. The many rivers, small islands and over 50 bridges found in Recife city center characterize its geography and gives it the moniker of the ""Brazilian Venice."" As of 2010, it is the capital city with the highest HDI in Northeast Brazil.The Metropolitan Region of Recife is the main industrial zone of the State of Pernambuco; most relevant products are those derived from cane (sugar and ethanol), ships, oil platforms, electronics, and others; thanks to the fiscal incentives of government, many industrial enterprises were started in the 1970s and 1980s. Recife has a tradition of being the most important commercial center of the North/Northeastern region of Brazil with more than 52,500 business enterprises in Recife itself plus 32,500 in the Metro Area which totals more than 85,000.A combination of a large supply of labor and significant private investments turned Recife into Brazil's second largest medical center (second only to São Paulo); modern hospitals with state-of-the-art equipment receive patients from several neighboring States. Like all other cities in the Northeast, Recife is developing its tourist sector. The beach of Porto de Galinhas, 60 kilometers (37 mi) south of the city, has been repeatedly awarded the title of best beach in Brazil and has drawn many tourists, and the Historic Centre of the Town of Olinda, 7 kilometers (4.3 mi) north of the city, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1982. Recife's infrastructure is among the most developed in Brazil for travellers and business people, though there is wide room for improvement.The city is also an educational center, and home to the Federal University of Pernambuco, the largest university in Pernambuco. Several Brazilian historical figures, such as the poet and abolitionist Castro Alves, moved to Recife to attain their education. Recife and Natal are the only Brazilian cities with direct flights to the islands of Fernando de Noronha, World Heritage Site.The city was one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Additionally, Recife hosted the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup and 1950 FIFA World Cup."
"Resistencia (pronounced: [resisˈtensja]) is the capital and largest city in the province of Chaco, in northeastern Argentina. At the 2001 census, the population of the Resistencia city proper was 274,490 inhabitants. It is the anchor of a slightly larger metropolitan area, Greater Resistencia, which comprises three more municipalities and has a 2008 population estimate of 377,000. This metro area is the largest in the province, and the eleventh most populous in the country. It is located along the Negro River, a branch of the much larger Paraná river, opposite the city of Corrientes, Corrientes Province.The area was originally inhabited by some guaycuru aboriginals, such as the tobas. Their resistance to evangelisation postponed efficient European settlement until the late 19th century. Not until 1865 was a proper settlement established, and on January 27, 1878, Resistencia was formally established as the territorial capital. The national government supported immigration, and in 1878 the first Italian immigrants arrived. The first City Council was made up entirely of members originating from that country."
"Rey or Ray [Pronunciation: rā] (Persian: شهر ری‎, Shahr-e-Ray, ""City of Ray""), also known as Rhages (/ˈreɪdʒəz/; Greek: Ῥάγαι, Rhagai; Latin: Rhagae or Rhaganae) and formerly as Arsacia, is the capital of Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran, and is the oldest existing city in the province.Ray today has been absorbed into the Greater Tehran metropolitan area. Ray is connected via the Tehran Metro to the rest of Tehran and has many industries and factories in operation. Limited excavations of what was not bulldozed began in 1997 in collaboration with the Iranian Cultural Heritage and Tourism Organization (ICHTO), the Department of Archaeological Sciences of the University of Bradford and the Department of Archaeology of the University of Tehran.Note on spelling:  According to the Iranian Chamber Society, the correct spelling of the city in both English and Persian is Ray, though variations in spelling also exist.  The city university also uses the spelling Ray (""Azad University, Shahr-e-Ray""), as does the Encyclopædia Iranica published by Columbia University."
"Richmond /ˈrɪtʃmənd/ is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia, in the United States. It is the center of the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) and the Greater Richmond Region; since 1871 Richmond has been an independent city.As of the 2010 census, the population was 204,214; in 2013, the population was estimated to be 214,114, the fourth-most populous city in Virginia. The Richmond Metropolitan Area has a population of 1,208,101.Richmond is located at the fall line of the James River, 44 miles (71 km) west of Williamsburg, 66 miles (106 km) east of Charlottesville, and 98 miles (158 km) south of Washington, D.C. Surrounded by Henrico and Chesterfield counties, the city is located at the intersections of Interstate 95 and Interstate 64, and encircled by Interstate 295 and Virginia State Route 288. Major suburbs include Midlothian to the southwest, Glen Allen to the north and west, Short Pump to the west and Mechanicsville to the northeast.The site of Richmond had been an important village of the Powhatan Confederacy, and was briefly settled by English colonists from Jamestown in 1609, and in 1610–1611. The present city of Richmond was founded in 1737. It became the capital of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia in 1780. During the Revolutionary War period, several notable events occurred in the city, including Patrick Henry's ""Give me liberty or give me death"" speech in 1775 at St. John's Church, and the passage of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom written by Thomas Jefferson. During the American Civil War, Richmond served as the capital of the Confederate States of America. The city entered the 20th century with one of the world's first successful electric streetcar systems, as well as a national hub of African-American commerce and culture, the Jackson Ward neighborhood.Richmond's economy is primarily driven by law, finance, and government, with federal, state, and local governmental agencies, as well as notable legal and banking firms, located in the downtown area. The city is home to both the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, one of 13 United States courts of appeals, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, one of 12 Federal Reserve Banks. Dominion Resources and MeadWestvaco, Fortune 500 companies, are headquartered in the city, with others in the metropolitan area."
"Riga (/ˈriːɡə/; Latvian: Rīga, pronounced [ˈriːɡa] (13px )) is the capital and the largest city of Latvia. With 643,368 inhabitants (January 2014), Riga is the largest city of the Baltic states and home to more than one third of Latvia's population. The city lies on the Gulf of Riga, at the mouth of the Daugava. Riga's territory covers 307.17 km2 (118.60 sq mi) and lies between 1 and 10 metres (3.3 and 32.8 ft) above sea level, on a flat and sandy plain.Riga was founded in 1201 and is a former Hanseatic League member. Riga's historical centre is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, noted for its Art Nouveau/Jugendstil architecture and 19th century wooden architecture. The city is the European Capital of Culture during 2014, along with Umeå in Sweden. The city hosted the 2006 NATO Summit, the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, the 2006 IIHF Men's World Ice Hockey Championships and the Kaspersky Lab Riga Open Snooker tournament. It is home to the European Union's office of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (BEREC). Riga is served by Riga International Airport, the largest airport in the Baltic states.Riga is a member of Eurocities, the Union of the Baltic Cities (UBC) and Union of Capitals of the European Union (UCEU)."
"Rio de Janeiro (/ˈriːoʊ di ʒəˈnɛəroʊ, -deɪ ʒə-/; Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʁi.u dʒi ʒɐˈnejɾu]; January's River), or simply Rio, is the second largest city in Brazil, the sixth largest city in the Americas and the world's thirty-fifth largest city by population. The metropolis is anchor to the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area, ranked as the second most populous metropolitan area in Brazil, the sixth most populous in the Americas and the eighteenth largest in the world. Rio de Janeiro is the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil's third most populous state. Part of the city has been designated as a World Heritage Site, named ""Rio de Janeiro: Carioca Landscapes between the Mountain and the Sea"", identified by UNESCO on 1 July 2012 in the category Cultural Landscape.Founded in 1565 by the Portuguese, the city was initially the seat of the Captaincy of Rio de Janeiro, a captaincy of the Portuguese Empire. Later, in 1763, it became the capital of the State of Brazil, a State of the Portuguese Empire. In 1808, when the Portuguese Royal Court transferred itself from Portugal to Brazil, Rio de Janeiro became the chosen seat of the court of Queen Maria I of Portugal, who subsequently, in 1815, under the leadership of her son, the Prince Regent, and future King João VI of Portugal, raised Brazil to the dignity of a kingdom, within the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and Algarves. Rio stayed the capital of the pluricontinental Lusitanian monarchy until 1822, when the War of Brazilian Independence began. This is one of the few instances in history that the capital of a colonising country officially shifted to a city in one of its colonies. Rio de Janeiro subsequently served as the capital of the independent monarchy, the Empire of Brazil, until 1889, and then the capital of a republican Brazil until 1960 when the capital was transferred to Brasilia.Rio de Janeiro represents the second largest GDP in the country (and 30th largest in the world in 2008), estimated at about R$343 billion (IBGE/2008) (nearly US$201 billion), and is headquarters to two of Brazil's major companies—Petrobras and Vale, and major oil companies and telephony in Brazil, besides the largest conglomerate of media and communications companies in Latin America, the Globo Organizations. The home of many universities and institutes, it is the second largest center of research and development in Brazil, accounting for 17% of national scientific production—according to 2005 data.Rio de Janeiro is one of the most visited cities in the Southern Hemisphere and is known for its natural settings, carnival celebrations, samba, bossa nova, balneario beaches such as Barra da Tijuca, Copacabana, Ipanema, and Leblon. Some of the most famous landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Christ the Redeemer atop Corcovado mountain, named one of the New Seven Wonders of the World; Sugarloaf mountain with its cable car; the Sambódromo, a permanent grandstand-lined parade avenue which is used during Carnival; and Maracanã Stadium, one of the world's largest football stadiums.Rio de Janeiro will host the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics.  This will be the first time a South American and Portuguese-speaking nation hosts the event. It will be the third time the Olympics will be held in a Southern Hemisphere city. On 12 August 2012, at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony, Mayor Eduardo Paes received the Olympic Flag, via Jacques Rogge, from London Mayor Boris Johnson. Rio's Maracanã Stadium held the finals of the 1950 and 2014 FIFA World Cup, the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup and the XV Pan American Games both opening and closing ceremonies. Rio de Janeiro also hosted the World Youth Day in 2013."
"River Cess is the capital city of Rivercess County, Liberia. As of the 2008 national census, the population stood at 2,578. It received its original name Cestos from Portuguese traders in the early 16th century from the baskets that were produced and sold in the town. Cestos in Portuguese and Spanish means basket."
"Riyadh (/rɨˈjɑːd/; Arabic: الرياض‎ ar-Riyāḍ  Najdi pronunciation: [er.rɪˈjɑːdˤ], ""The Gardens"") is the capital and largest city of Saudi Arabia. It is also the capital of Riyadh Province, and belongs to the historical regions of Najd and Al-Yamama. It is situated in the center of the Arabian Peninsula on a large plateau, and is home to 5.7 million people, and the urban centre of a region with a population of close to 7.3 million people.The city is divided into 15 municipal districts, managed by Riyadh Municipality headed by the mayor of Riyadh, and the Riyadh Development Authority, chaired by the governor of Riyadh Province, Turki bin Abdullah Al Saud. The current mayor of Riyadh is Abdullah bin Abdulrahman Almogbel, appointed in 2012. Riyadh has the largest all female university in the world, the Princess Nora bint Abdulrahman University. It has been designated as a Beta World City."
"Robertsport, also known as Roberts Port and Robert's Port, is a town in western Liberia, about 10 miles from the Sierra Leone border. It is named after Joseph Jenkins Roberts, the first president of Liberia.The town lies on Cape Mount peninsula, and is separated from the mainland by Lake Piso. It serves as the capital of Grand Cape Mount County. Robertsport is located 50 km north of Monrovia, Liberia's capital city."
"Roskilde (Danish pronunciation: [ˈʁʌskilə]), located 30 km (19 mi) west of Copenhagen on the Danish island of Zealand, is the main city in Roskilde Municipality. With a population of 48,721 (as of 1 January 2014), the city is a business and educational centre for the region and the 10th largest city in Denmark. Roskilde is governed by the administrative council of Roskilde Municipality. Joy Mogensen, a Social Democrat, has been mayor since 2011.Roskilde has a long history, dating from the pre-Christian Viking Age. Its UNESCO-listed Gothic cathedral, now housing 39 tombs of the Danish monarchs, was completed in 1275, becoming a focus of religious influence until the Reformation.With the development of the rail network in the 19th century, Roskilde became an important hub for traffic with Copenhagen, and by the end of the century, there were tobacco factories, iron foundries and machine shops. Among the largest private sector employers today are the IT firm BEC (Bankernes EDB Central) and GPI (Glim Plastic Industri), specializing in plastics. The Risø research facility is also becoming a major employer, extending interest in sustainable energy to the clean technology sphere. The local university, founded in 1972, the historic Cathedral School, and the Danish Meat Trade College, established in 1964, are educational institutions of note. Roskilde has a large local hospital which has been expanded and modernized since it was opened in 1855. It is now increasingly active in the research sphere. The Sankt Hans psychiatric hospital serves the Capital Region with specialized facilities for forensic psychiatry.The cathedral and the Viking Ship Museum, which contains the well-preserved remains of five 11th-century ships, attract more than 100,000 visitors annually. In addition to its internationally recognized tourist attractions and its annual rock festival, Roskilde is popular with shoppers thanks to its two centrally located pedestrian streets complete with restaurants, cafés, and a variety of shops. The city is home to the FC Roskilde football club which play in the Danish 1st Division, the Roskilde Vikings RK rugby club, and the rowing club, Roskilde Roklub. In the 1970s, the city benefited from the opening of the university and from the completion of the Holbæk Motorway connecting it to Copenhagen. Roskilde has a the oldest operational railway station in Denmark, with connections across Zealand as well as with Falster, Lolland, and Jutland. The local airport opened in 1973, mainly serving light aircraft for business use and flight instruction.Among the city's notable citizens are Absalon, the bishop who founded Copenhagen in the 12th century, L. A. Ring, the symbolist painter who gained fame in the 1880s, the writer Lise Nørgaard who wrote the popular Danish TV series Matador in 1978 and the rower Thomas Ebert who became an Olympic gold medallist in 2004."
"Rosso is the major city of south-western Mauritania and capital of Trarza region.  It is situated on the Senegal River at the head of year-round navigation.  The town is 204 km south of the capital Nouakchott.  The Arabic name is Al-Quwarib."
"Rotterdam (/ˈrɒtərdæm/; Dutch: [ˌrɔtərˈdɑm] (13px )) is the second-largest city in the Netherlands and one of the largest ports in the world. Starting as a dam constructed in 1270 on the Rotte River, Rotterdam has grown into a major international commercial centre. Its strategic location at the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta on the North Sea and at the heart of a massive rail, road, air and inland waterway distribution system extending throughout Europe is the reason that Rotterdam is often called the ""Gateway to Europe"".Located in the province of South Holland, Rotterdam is in the west of Netherlands and the south of the Randstad. The population of the city was 624.799 in 2014. The population of the greater Rotterdam area, called ""Rotterdam-Rijnmond"" or just ""Rijnmond"", is approximately 1.3 million. The combined urban area of Rotterdam and The Hague with a population of approximately 2.9 million is the 206th largest urban area in the world and the most populous in the Netherlands. Rotterdam is known for its university (Erasmus), cutting-edge architecture, lively cultural life, striking riverside setting and maritime heritage. It is also known for the Rotterdam Blitz.The largest port in Europe and one of the busiest ports in the world, the port of Rotterdam was the world's busiest port from 1962 to 2004, when it was surpassed by Shanghai. Rotterdam's commercial and strategic importance is based on its location near the mouth of the Nieuwe Maas (New Meuse), a channel in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse on the North Sea. These rivers lead directly into the centre of Europe, including the industrial Ruhr region."
"Rumbek (Arabic: رمبك‎) is the capital of Lakes State, central South Sudan, and the former capital of the country."
"Rundu is the capital of the Kavango-East Region, northern Namibia, on the border with Angola on the banks of the Kavango River about 1000 m above sea level. The place normally receives an annual average rainfall of 565 millimetres (22.2 in), although in the 2010/2011 rainy season 757 millimetres (29.8 in) were measured.Rundu is growing rapidly. The 2001 census counted 36,964 inhabitants; and for the 2011 census it has climbed to 63,430."
"Sa Pa (About this sound listen), or Sapa, is a frontier town and capital of Sa Pa District in Lào Cai Province in northwest Vietnam. It is one of the main market towns in the area, where several ethnic minority groups such as Hmong, Dao (Yao), Giáy, Pho Lu, and Tay live."
"Sabang is a municipality consisting of a main island (Weh Island) and several smaller islands off the northern tip of Sumatra. The islands form a city within Aceh Special Region, Indonesia.  The administrative centre is located on Weh Island, 17 km north of Banda Aceh. The city covers an area of 153.0 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census had a population of 30,653 people; the latest estimate (for January 2014) is 32,271. Sabang is also known as the northernmost and westernmost city in Indonesia, located at 95.5 E, 6.0 N.The Japanese occupied the island and installed numerous bunkers, fortifications and gun emplacements. Their remnants can still be seen, though most have been re-purposed or removed."
"Sacramento (/ˌsækrəˈmɛntoʊ/) is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of government of Sacramento County. It is at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in the northern portion of California's expansive Central Valley. Its estimated 2014 population of 475,122 made it the fifth-largest city in California. Sacramento is the cultural and economic core of the Sacramento metropolitan area which includes seven counties with an estimated 2009 population of 2,527,123. Its metropolitan area is the fourth largest in California after the Greater Los Angeles Area, San Francisco Bay Area, and the San Diego metropolitan area, as well as the 27th largest in the United States. In 2002, the Civil Rights Project at Harvard University conducted for TIME magazine named Sacramento ""America's Most Diverse City"".Sacramento became a city through the efforts of the Swiss immigrant John Sutter, Sr., his son John Sutter, Jr., and James W. Marshall. Sacramento grew quickly thanks to the protection of Sutter's Fort, which was established by Sutter in 1839. During the California Gold Rush, Sacramento was a major distribution point, a commercial and agricultural center, and a terminus for wagon trains, stagecoaches, riverboats, the telegraph, the Pony Express, and the First Transcontinental Railroad.The city was named after the Sacramento River, which forms its western border. The river was named by Spanish cavalry officer Gabriel Moraga for the Santisimo Sacramento (Most Holy Sacrament), referring to the Catholic Eucharist.California State University, Sacramento, more commonly known as Sacramento State or Sac State, is the largest university in the city and one of 23 campuses in the California State University system. Drexel University Sacramento and the University of the Pacific McGeorge School of Law are in Sacramento. In addition, the University of California, Davis, is in nearby Davis, 15 miles (24 km) west of the capital. The UC Davis Medical Center, a world-renowned research hospital, is located in the city of Sacramento."
"Sagaing (Burmese: စစ်ကိုင်းမြို့; MLCTS: cac kuing: mrui., pronounced: [zəɡáiɴ mjo̰]) is the capital of Sagaing Region (formerly Sagaing Division) in Myanmar. Located on the Ayeyarwady River, 20 km to the southwest of Mandalay on the opposite bank of the river, Sagaing with numerous Buddhist monasteries is an important religious and monastic center. The pagodas and monasteries crowd the numerous hills along the ridge running parallel to the river. The central pagoda, Soon U Ponya Shin Pagoda, is connected by a set of covered staircases that run up the 240 m hill.Sagaing was the capital of Sagaing Kingdom (1315–1364), one of the minor kingdoms that rose up after the fall of Pagan dynasty. During the Ava period (1364–1555), the city was the common fief of the crown prince or senior princes. The city briefly became the royal capital between 1760 and 1763 in the reign of King Naungdawgyi.On August 8, 1988, Sagaing was the site of demonstrations which were concluded by a massacre in which around 300 civilians were killed.Today, with about 70,000 inhabitants, the city is part of Mandalay built-up area with more than 1,022,000 inhabitants estimated in 2011. The city is a frequent tourist destination of day trippers. The city is home to the Sagaing Institute of Education and the Sagaing Education College."
"Saint-Louis, or Ndar as it is called in Wolof, is the capital of Senegal's Saint-Louis Region. Located in the northwest of Senegal, near the mouth of the Senegal River, and 320 km north of Senegal's capital city Dakar, it has a population officially estimated at 176,000 in 2005. Saint-Louis was the capital of the French colony of Senegal from 1673 until 1902 and French West Africa from 1895 until 1902, when the capital was moved to Dakar. From 1920 to 1957 it also served as the capital of the neighboring colony of Mauritania."
"Salamanca (Spanish pronunciation: [salaˈmaŋka]) is a city in northwestern Spain, the capital of the Province of Salamanca in the community of Castile and León. Its Old City was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988. With a metropolitan population of 228,881 in 2012 according to the National Institute of Statistics (INE), Salamanca is the second most populated urban area in Castile and León, after Valladolid (414,000), and ahead of Leon (187,000) and Burgos (176,000).It is one of the most important university cities in Spain and supplies 16% of Spain's market for the teaching of the Spanish language. Salamanca attracts thousands of international students, generating a diverse environment.It is situated approximately 200 kilometres (124 miles) west of the Spanish capital Madrid and 80 km (50 mi) east of the Portuguese border. The University of Salamanca, which was founded in 1134, is the oldest university in Spain and the fourth oldest western university, but the first to be given its status by the Pope Alexander IV who gave universal validity to its degrees. With its 30,000 students, the university is, together with tourism, a primary source of income in Salamanca."
"Salingyi is a town in Salingyi Township, Monywa District, Sagaing Region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat for Salingyi Township, and is at a tri-crossroads with roads heading northwest to Yinmabin, north to Monywa, and southwest to Kyadet.  On the east of town, there is a large textile mill which was completed in 2005."
"Salta is a city located in the Lerma Valley, at 1,152 metres (3780 feet) above sea level in the north west part of Argentina and it is also the name for the capital city of the Salta Province. Along with its metropolitan area, it has a population of 619,000 inhabitants, which makes it the second most populated city in the northwest of the country. Within Argentina, Salta is the city which has preserved its colonial architecture the best."
"Saltillo (Spanish pronunciation: [salˈtiʎo] (13px )) is the capital and largest city of the northeastern Mexican state of Coahuila and the municipal seat of the municipality of the same name. The city is located about 400 kilometres (250 mi) south of the U.S. state of Texas, and 90 kilometres (56 mi) west of Monterrey, Nuevo León.As of the 2005 census, Saltillo had a population of 725,095 people.  823,098 people reside within the metropolitan area, making it the 19th biggest metro area in the country. The metro area comprises the municipalities of Saltillo, Ramos Arizpe, and Arteaga."
"Salvador, formerly São Salvador da Bahia de Todos os Santos (""Holy Savior of the Bay of All Saints"") and known colloquially as Bahia or Salvador da Bahia (Brazilian Portuguese: [sawvaˈdoʁ (da baˈi.ɐ)]), is the largest city and the third-largest urban agglomeration on the northeast coast of Brazil and the capital of the Northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia.The first colonial capital of Brazil, the city is one of the oldest in the Americas. Salvador is the third most populous Brazilian city, after São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The metropolitan area of the city, with 3.5 million people, however, is the eighth most populous Brazilian urban agglomeration, and the third in Northeastern Brazil. Salvador is known as ""Brazil's capital of happiness"" due to its countless popular outdoor parties, including its street carnival. The city has the largest carnival in the world.The city of Salvador is notable in Brazil for its cuisine, music and architecture, and its metropolitan area is the wealthiest in Brazil's Northeast. The African influence in many cultural aspects of the city makes it the centre of Afro-Brazilian culture. This reflects a situation in which African-associated cultural practices are celebrated.The Historic Centre of Salvador, frequently called the ""Pelourinho"", is renowned for its Portuguese colonial architecture with historical monuments dating from the 17th to the 19th centuries and was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985.Salvador is located on a small, roughly triangular peninsula that separates All Saints Bay from the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean. The bay, which gets its name from having been discovered on All Saints' Day forms a natural harbor, the bay is the largest in Brazil and the second largest in the World. Salvador is a major export port, lying at the heart of the Recôncavo Baiano, a rich agricultural and industrial region encompassing the northern portion of coastal Bahia.A particularly notable feature is the escarpment that divides Salvador into the Cidade Alta (""Upper Town"" - rest of the city) and the Cidade Baixa (""Lower Town"" - port area and apart neighborhoods along the bay), the former some 85 m (279 ft) above the latter, with the city's cathedral and most administrative buildings standing on the higher ground. An elevator (the first installed in Brazil), known as Elevador Lacerda, has connected the two sections since 1873, having since undergone several upgrades.Salvador is home of the 3rd best beach of the World, Porto da Barra Beach, in Barra neighborhood, elected in 2007 by the British Newspaper The Guardian, and also is home of the Arena Fonte Nova, the city's stadium in the World Cup. The city hosted in 2010, an important international event, the Twelfth United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice.The city is one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Additionally, Salvador hosted the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup."
"Samarinda is the capital of the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan on the island of Borneo. The city lies on the banks of the Mahakam River. It is the most populous city on the entire Borneo island, with an estimated population of 842,691, up from 726,223 at the 2010 Census. Although it is the capital of East Kalimantan, some government institutions such as the Police, Indonesian Army District VI Of Tanjung Pura, and Pelabuhan Indonesia (Port Transportation) are located on the island. Samarinda is known for its traditional food amplang, as well as the cloth sarung samarinda. The city also has a bridge connecting its river banks, Mahakam Bridge. The city center is on one side and the other side is named Samarinda Seberang."
"Samarkand (Uzbek: Samarqand Самарқанд; Russian: Самарканд from Sogdian: ""Stone Fort"" or ""Rock Town""), alternatively Samarqand or Samarcand, traditionally was the second-largest city in Uzbekistan and the capital of Samarqand Province.  It is now the nation's third largest, after fast-growing Namangan in the Ferghana Valley.  The city is most noted for its central position on the Silk Road between China and the West, and for being an Islamic centre for scholarly study.  In the 14th century it became the capital of the empire of Timur (Tamerlane) and is the site of his mausoleum (the Gur-e Amir). The Bibi-Khanym Mosque (a modern replica) remains one of the city's most notable landmarks. The Registan was the ancient center of the city. The city has carefully preserved the traditions of ancient crafts: embroidery, gold embroidery, silk weaving, engraving on copper, ceramics, carving and painting on wood.In 2001, UNESCO added the city to its World Heritage List as Samarkand – Crossroads of Cultures."
"Sāmarrā (Arabic: سامَرّاء‎) is a city in Iraq. It stands on the east bank of the Tigris River in the Salah ad-Din Governorate, 125 kilometers (78 mi) north of Baghdad. In 2003 the city had an estimated population of 348,700. Samarra is in the Sunni Triangle. The city was once the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate and the only remaining Islamic capital that retains its original plan, architecture and artistic relics. In 2007, UNESCO named Samarra one of its World Heritage Sites."
"Sambava [samˈbav] is a city and commune (commune urbaine; Malagasy: kaominina) at the east coast of northern Madagascar. It is the capital of Sambava District and Sava Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 40,000 in 2001 commune census."
"Samraong (Khmer: សំរោង, ""impenetrable jungle"") is the capital of Oddar Meanchey Province in northwestern Cambodia.To the north of the town is the border crossing of O'Smach into Thailand"
"San Juan (Spanish pronunciation: [saŋ ˈxwan]) is the capital city of the Argentine province of San Juan in the Cuyo region, located in the Tulúm Valley, west of the San Juan River, at 650 m (2,133 ft)  above mean sea level, with a population of around 112,000 as per the 2001 census [INDEC] (over 500,000 in the metropolitan area).It is a modern city with wide streets and well drawn avenues with wide sidewalks and vegetation of different species of trees irrigated by canals, from which it derives its nickname oasis town.It has an important accommodation infrastructure and transportation. It highlights modern buildings and the surroundings, the reservoir and Ullum dam, spas, museums, large plantations of vines, and various types of agriculture, with wine being the most important."
"San Juan (/ˌsæn ˈhwɑːn/; Spanish pronunciation: [saŋ ˈhwaŋ], Saint John), officially Municipio de la Ciudad Capital San Juan Bautista (Municipality of the Capital City, Saint John the Baptist), is the capital and most populous municipality in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, an unincorporated territory of the United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 395,326 making it the 46th-largest city under the jurisdiction of the United States. San Juan was founded by Spanish colonists in 1521, who called it Ciudad de Puerto Rico (""Rich Port City""). Puerto Rico's capital is the second oldest European-established capital city in the Americas, after Santo Domingo, in the Dominican Republic. Several historical buildings are located in San Juan; among the most notable are the city's former defensive forts, Fort San Felipe del Morro and Fort San Cristóbal, and La Fortaleza, the oldest executive mansion in continuous use in the Americas.Today, San Juan is one of Puerto Rico's most important seaports, and is the island's manufacturing, financial, cultural, and tourism center. The population of the Metropolitan Statistical Area, including San Juan and the municipalities of Bayamón, Guaynabo, Cataño, Canóvanas, Caguas, Toa Alta, Toa Baja, Carolina and Trujillo Alto, is about 2 million inhabitants; thus, about half the population of Puerto Rico now lives and works in this area. San Juan is also a principal city of the San Juan-Caguas-Fajardo Combined Statistical Area. The city has been the host of events within the sports community, including the 1979 Pan American Games, 1966 Central American and Caribbean Games, events of the 2006, 2009 and 2013 World Baseball Classics, the Caribbean Series and the Special Olympics and MLB San Juan Series in 2010."
"San Luis is the capital city of San Luis Province in the Cuyo region of Argentina."
"San Salvador de Jujuy (Spanish pronunciation: [san salβaˈðor ðe xuˈxui]), commonly known as Jujuy and locally often referred to as San Salvador, is the capital city of Jujuy Province in northwest Argentina. It lies near the southern end of the Humahuaca Canyon where wooded hills meet the lowlands.Its population at the 2001 census [INDEC] was 237,751 inhabitants. If its suburbs are included, this figure rises to around 300,000. The current mayor is Raúl Jorge."
"Sanandaj About this sound pronunciation  (Persian: سنندج‎, Kurdish: Sine/ سنە )  is the capital of Kurdish culture and Kurdistan Province at Iran. At the 2011 census, its population was 373,987. Sanandaj is the twenty-third largest city in Iran. Until the 17th century it was only a small village, when the governor of the region, Suleyman Khan Ardalan, built (or renovated) a fortress there, known as ""Sena Dezh"", which gave the town its Persian name. Some sources date the origin of the fortress to the period of Abbasid rule (750–1258)."
"Santa Elena is a town in southwestern Ecuador, and is the capital of both the province and the canton of the same name.  Santa Elena, originally called Sumpa, is located on the Ecuadorian peninsula near the city of Guayaquil.  It is regarded as the location of the most important and best documented archaeological site in the country, predominantly due to the discovery of the Lovers of Sumpa.History of the SiteIn 1977 Olaf Holm, the Director of the Anthropology Museum of the Central Bank of Ecuador, asked Karen E. Stothert to excavate this pre-ceramic site. Stothert and her team found evidence of Las Vegas, the first Ecuadorian culture.  Las Vegas flourished from 8800-4600 BC along the Ecuadorian coast.  Archaeologists found numerous artifacts and remains of homes and a garbage dump, but the biggest discovery was a cemetery of about 200 people.  Among these remains were the bodies of the Lovers of Sumpa, or Los Amantes de Sumpa.  They were found buried, and apparently embracing each other.  There is much speculation as to why they died, including being stoned to death, but for most of the world it doesn't matter how they died so much as that they died and were buried together.Significance of the SiteThe discovery of the cemetery, and the Lovers of Sumpa particularly, brought a significant amount of media attention to Ecuador, which in turn helped emphasize the importance of archaeological research to the understanding of heritage and culture.  The Lovers of Sumpa have even been called the Romeo and Juliet of Ecuador, and for this reason have served as a great source of information for sculptors, poets, and musicians all over the world.  In general this kind of attention has been beneficial for Ecuador, drawing tourists and doubling the Santa Elena population in 20 years.  During these same 20 years there was some controversy and drama about what would happen to the site and the remains.  Increased oil prices prevented the country from supplying enough funds to the project to do anything beneficial other than provide guards to protect the important cultural site.  Despite the lack of funds for so long, eventually the team was able to secure the site in a way that is safe for the artifacts as well as being beneficial to the cultural knowledge of the people.  This effect is, arguably, the most significant consequence of the discovery of this site.  Modernization of Ecuador has drawn the rural people away from their lands and their traditions, but this discovery, which prompted an amazing museum as well as cultural and heritage additions to the curriculum of Santa Elena students, ensures the survival of the rich culture of this once thriving people.  The Las Vegas people's customs are being preserved.The Site TodayThe Santa Elena archaeological site is considered a main attraction of the Ecuadorian coast.  Because Ecuador has no moral issues preventing the public display of remains, there are three burials on display, protected by glass, and teachers and archaeologists, such as Stothert, use them in teaching as discussion and learning tools.  In 1997 when the country was able to provide the proper funds, the Museo Amantes de Sumpa y Centro Cultural was opened to the public.  The opening of this museum showed great cooperation between private and public institutions and is home to a variety of Las Vegas artifacts and remains.  The site itself is a center for heritage resources and education, which promote the culture of Native coastal Ecuadorians.Stothert, Karen E. ""The New Role of the Ancient Lovers of Sumpa."" Working Together. Society For American Archaeology Bulletin, n.d. Web. <http://www.saa.org/Portals/0/SAA/publications/SAAbulletin/16-2/SAA15.html>""Santa Elena Archaeological Site."" Ecuador.com. Ecuador Channel, n.d. Web. <http://www.ecuador.com/sights/santa-elena-site/>.Museo Amantes De Sumpa. Ministerio De Turismo, n.d. Web. <http://www.ecuador.travel/que-hacer/actividades/turismo-cultural/museos/345-museo-amantes-de-sumpa>."
"Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz (usually called just Santa Fe) is the capital city of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.  It is situated in northeastern Argentina, near the junction of the Paraná and Salado rivers.  It lies 15 kilometers from the Hernandarias Subfluvial Tunnel that connects it to the city of Paraná. The city is also connected by canal with the port of Colastiné on the Paraná River.  Santa Fe has about 369,000 inhabitants as per the 2001 census [INDEC]. The metropolitan area has a population of 454,238, making it the ninth largest in Argentina.Santa Fe is linked to Rosario (170 km (106 mi) to the south), the largest city in the province, by the Brigadier Estanislao López Highway and by National Route 11, which continues south towards Buenos Aires, and it is home to Sauce Viejo Airport with daily direct flights to Rosario and Aeroparque Jorge Newbery in Buenos Aires."
"Santa Marta is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of the department of Magdalena and third largest urban city of the Caribbean Region of Colombia, after Barranquilla and Cartagena. Founded on July 29, 1525, by the Spanish conquistador Rodrigo de Bastidas, it was the first Spanish settlement in Colombia, and is the oldest surviving city in that country, and second oldest in South America. This city is situated on a bahía of the same name and as such, is a prime tourist destination"
"Santa Rosa (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsanta ˈrosa]) is a city in the Argentine Pampas, and the capital of La Pampa Province, Argentina. It lies on the east of the province, on the shore of the Don Tomás Lagoon, at the intersection of National Routes 5 and 35. The city (94,340) and its surroundings hold 102,610 inhabitants (2001 census [INDEC]),Census-ar 2.010 hold 124.101 inhabitants the capital y Toay  around a third of the population of the province. Its current mayor is Luis Larrañaga. Founded in 1892 by Tomás Mason, Santa Rosa did not develop into a relatively important agricultural centre until the second half of the 20th century. It is still one of the smallest provincial capitals of the country after Patagonian Rawson, Ushuaia and Viedma.City sights include the Fitte neighbourhood (1930), the monument to San Martín, the Palace of Justice, the Teatro Español Theatre (1908), the Provincial Art Museum (with paintings by Raúl Soldi, Antonio Berni, Quinquela Martín and other important Argentine painters) and the Provincial Natural History Museum.The Santa Rosa Airport (IATA: RSA, ICAO: SAZR) is located 2 kilometres from Santa Rosa on Route 35, and serves regular flights to Buenos Aires and Viedma.Near Santa Rosa is the city of Toay.Santa Rosa+Toay: Gran Santa Rosa"
"Santiago de Compostela,commonly known as Santiago (/ˌsæntɪˈɑːɡoʊ/, Galician: [sanˈtjaɣo], Spanish: [sanˈtjaɣo]), is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain.The city has its origin in the shrine of Saint James the Great, now the city's cathedral, as destination of the Way of St. James, a leading Catholic pilgrimage route originated in the 9th century. In 1985 the city's Old Town was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site."
"Santiago del Estero (Spanish pronunciation: [sanˈtjaɣo ðel esteɾo], Spanish for Saint-James-Upon-The-Lagoon) is the capital of Santiago del Estero Province in northern Argentina. It has a population of 244,733 inhabitants, (2001 census [INDEC]) making it the twelfth largest city in the country, with a surface area of 2,116 km². It lies on the Dulce River and on National Route 9, at a distance of 1,042 km north-northwest from Buenos Aires. Santiago del Estero is the oldest city founded by Spanish settlers in Argentina that still exists as such, estimated to be 455 years old, according to historical sources of Argentina. As such, it is nicknamed ""Madre de Ciudades"" (Mother of Cities), as it is the first city founded in the actual territory of Argentina. It was officially declared ""Mother of cities and Cradle of Folklore"".The city houses the National University of Santiago del Estero, founded in 1973, and Universidad Católica, founded in 1960. Other points of interest include the city's Cathedral, the Santo Domingo Convent, and the Provincial Archeology Museum.The Santiago del Estero Airport is located 6 kilometres north of the city, and has regular flights to Buenos Aires and San Miguel de Tucumán.The climate is subtropical with a dry season — usually winter, and sometimes autumn. It receives an average annual precipitation of 300 mm, and the climate is warm and drySantiago del Estero and its region are home to about 100,000 speakers of the local variety of Quechua, making this the southernmost outpost of the language of the Incas. This is one of the few indigenous languages surviving in modern Argentina."
"Sarajevo (Bosnian pronunciation: [sǎrajeʋo]) is the capital and largest city of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with an estimated population of 369,534. The Sarajevo metropolitan area, including Sarajevo, East Sarajevo and surrounding municipalities, is home to 608,354 inhabitants.Moreover, it is also the capital of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity, the capital of the Republic of Srpska entity, and the center of the Sarajevo Canton. Nestled within the greater Sarajevo valley of Bosnia, it is surrounded by the Dinaric Alps and situated along the Miljacka River in the heart of Southeastern Europe and the Balkans.Sarajevo is the leading political, social and cultural center of Bosnia and Herzegovina, a prominent center of culture in the Balkans, with its region-wide influence in entertainment, media, fashion, and the arts.Until recently, the city is famous for its traditional cultural and religious diversity, with adherents of Orthodoxy, Islam, Judaism and Catholicism coexisting there for centuries. Due to its long and rich history of religious and cultural variety, Sarajevo is sometimes called the ""Jerusalem of Europe"" or ""Jerusalem of the Balkans"". It was, until late in the 20th century, the only major European city to have a mosque, Catholic church, Orthodox church and synagogue within the same neighborhood. A regional center in education, the city is also home to the Balkans' first institution of tertiary education in the form of an Islamic polytechnic called the Saraybosna Osmanlı Medrese, today part of the University of Sarajevo.Although settlement in the area stretches back to prehistoric times, the modern city arose as an Ottoman stronghold in the 15th century. Sarajevo has attracted international attention several times throughout its history. In 1885, Sarajevo was the first city in Europe and the second city in the world to have a full-time electric tram network running through the city, following San Francisco. In 1914, it was the site of the assassination of the Archduke of Austria that sparked World War I. Seventy years later, it hosted the 1984 Winter Olympics. For nearly four years, from 1992 to 1996, the city suffered the longest siege of a city in the history of modern warfare (1,425 days long) during the Bosnian War.Sarajevo has been undergoing post-war reconstruction, and is the fastest growing city in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The travel guide series, Lonely Planet, has named Sarajevo as the 43rd best city in the world, and in December 2009 listed Sarajevo as one of the top ten cities to visit in 2010. In 2011, Sarajevo was nominated to be the European Capital of Culture in 2014 and will be hosting the European Youth Olympic Festival in 2017.Sarajevo is also a metropolis due to being the most important and influential city in the whole country."
"Sari (About this sound pronunciation ) (/Sārī/  Mazanderani: ساری, Persian: ساری‎; also Romanized as Sārī; also known as Shahr-i-Tajan and Shari-i-Tajan) is the provincial capital of Mazandaran and former capital of Iran (for a short period), located in the north of Iran, between the northern slopes of the Alborz Mountains and southern coast of the Caspian Sea. Sari is the largest and most populous city of Mazandaran."
"Saurimo (pre-1975: Henrique de Carvalho) is the capital of the Lunda Sul province of Angola, Saurimo has a population of approximately 200,000. The population has increased due to migrants fleeing areas affected by the civil war."
"Saw (Burmese: ဆောမြို့, Burmese pronunciation: [sʰɔ́ mjo̰]) is a town of Saw Township in Gangaw District in the Magway Division in Burma."
"Schaffhausen (German: [ʃaːfˈhauzən] (13px ); Alemannic German: Schafuuse; French: Schaffhouse; Italian: Sciaffusa; Romansh: Schaffusa) is a city in northern Switzerland and the capital of the canton of the same name; it has an estimated population of 34,587 as of December 2008.The old portion of the city has many fine Renaissance era buildings decorated with exterior frescos and sculpture, as well as the impressive old canton fortress, the Munot.  A train runs out of town to the nearby Rhine Falls in Neuhausen am Rheinfall, Europe's largest waterfall, a tourist attraction."
"The town of Schwyz (About this sound listen ; French: Schwyz; Italian: Svitto) is the capital of the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.The Federal Charter of 1291 or Bundesbrief, the charter that eventually led to the foundation of Switzerland, can be seen at the Bundesbriefmuseum."
"Semarang (pronounced [səˈmaraŋ]) is a city on the north coast of the island of Java, Indonesia. It is the capital and largest city of the province of Central Java.It has an area of 373.70 square kilometres (144.29 sq mi) and a population of approximately 2 million people, making it Indonesia's sixth most populous city and the fifth largest Indonesian city after Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, and Medan. Greater Semarang (aka Kedungsapur) has a population of close to 6 million (see Greater Semarang section), and is located at 6°58′S 110°25′E. A major port during the Dutch colonial era, and still an important regional center and port today, the city has a dominant Javanese population."
"Semnan (pronounced [semˈnɒːn]; Persian: سمنان‎, also Romanized as Semnān and Samnān) is a city in and capital of Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2011 census, its population was 153,680 in 36,298 families. Semnan is located 216 kilometers east of Tehran.Semnan (Semnani name: Seman) is located in the central northern portion of the Islamic Republic of Iran.  The city of Semnan is a beautiful and unique municipality filled with recreational activities, historical and religious sites, festivals, gardens and parks, colleges and universities, and Semnani culture. The city serves as the cultural and political capital of the Semnan Province. The city's main souvenirs are daffodil flowers, Shirmal pastry, Kolucheh cookies, Glim rugs, and shortbread."
"Sennar (Arabic: سنار‎ Sannār) is a town on the Blue Nile in Sudan and capital of the state of Sennar. For several centuries it was the capital of the Funj Kingdom of Sennar."
"Seoul (English pronunciation: /soʊl/; Korean: [sʰʌ.ul] (13px )) — officially the Seoul Special City — is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea, forming the heart of the Seoul Capital Area, which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province, the world's second largest metropolitan area with over 25.6 million people. It is home to over half of South Koreans along with 632,000 international residents. With a population of over 10 million, the megacity is the largest city proper in the OECD.Situated on the Han River, Seoul's history stretches back more than two thousand years when it was founded in 18 BCE by Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. It continued as the capital of Korea under the Joseon Dynasty. The Seoul Capital Area contains five UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Changdeok Palace, Hwaseong Fortress, Jongmyo Shrine, Namhansanseong and the Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty. Seoul is surrounded by mountains, the tallest being Mt. Bukhan, the world's most visited national park per square foot. Modern landmarks include the iconic N Seoul Tower, the gold-clad 63 Building, the neofuturistic Dongdaemun Design Plaza, Lotte World, the world's second largest indoor theme park,  Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, the world's longest bridge fountain  and the Sevit Floating Islands. The birthplace of K-pop and the Korean Wave, Seoul was voted the world's most wanted travel destination by Chinese, Japanese and Thai tourists for three consecutive years in 2009–2011 with over 12 million international visitors in 2013, making it the world's 10th most visited city and 6th largest earner in tourism.Today, Seoul is considered a leading and rising global city, resulting from an economic boom called the Miracle on the Han River which transformed it from the damage of the Korean War to the world's 4th largest metropolitan economy with a GDP of US$774 billion in 2012 after Tokyo, New York City and Los Angeles. A world leading technology hub centered on Gangnam and Digital Media City, the Seoul Capital Area boasts 15 Fortune Global 500 companies such as Samsung, the world's largest technology company, as well as LG and Hyundai-Kia. In 2013, the city's GDP per capita (PPP) of $39,448 was comparable to that of France and Finland. Ranked sixth in the Global Power City Index and eighth in the Global Financial Centres Index, the metropolis exerts a major influence in global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences. It also hosts the world's most art openings per square mile.Seoul is the world's most wired city and ranked first in technology readiness by PwC's Cities of Opportunity report. Seoul Station is the main terminal of the KTX high-speed rail and the Seoul Subway is the world's largest subway network, considered the world's best subway by Jalopnik, providing 4G LTE, WiFi and DMB inside subway cars. Seoul is connected via AREX to Incheon International Airport, rated the world's best airport nine years in a row (2005–2013) by Airports Council International. Lotte World Tower, a 556m (1,824 ft) supertall skyscraper with 123 floors, is being built in Seoul to become the OECD's tallest in 2015 with the world's tallest observation deck and art gallery. Its Lotte Cinema houses the world's largest cinema screen. Seoul's COEX Mall is the world's largest underground shopping mall. Emporis ranked Seoul's skyline having the world's fourth highest visual impact among major cities.Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games, 1988 Summer Olympics, 2002 FIFA World Cup and the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit. A UNESCO City of Design, Seoul was named the 2010 World Design Capital."
"Serang municipality (Indonesian: Kota Serang) is the capital of Banten province and was formerly also the administrative center of Serang Regency in Indonesia (the Regency's capital is now at Baros). The city is located towards the north of Banten province.  Before Banten province was formed in 2000 Serang was part of West Java province.Serang has a tropical rainforest climate, with no dry season month.  It faces the Java Sea, which is home to Thousand Islands.Serang was reported as having a population of 576,961 in the 2010 census, making it the third most populous city in the province of Banten. The latest official population estimate (for January 2014) is 643,101. Serang is located approximately 15 km from the border of Jabodetabek and sometimes considered as amalgamated with the Greater Jakarta."
"Serowe (population approximately 60,000) is a town in Botswana's Central District and is a trade and commerce centre. It was famed as Botswana's largest village after Molepolole. Serowe has a rich history in Botswana; it being the capital for the Bamangwato people in the early part of the 20th century and for being the birthplace of many of Botswana's Presidents. In recent times it has seen many developments as the town and Botswana continue to grow."
"Shah Alam /ʃɑː ˈɑːləm/ is the state capital of Selangor, Malaysia and situated within the Petaling District and a small portion of the neighbouring Klang District. It is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of the country's capital, Kuala Lumpur. Shah Alam replaced Kuala Lumpur as the capital city of the state of Selangor in 1978 due to Kuala Lumpur's incorporation into a Federal Territory in 1974. Shah Alam was the first planned city in Malaysia after independence from Britain in 1957."
"Shenyang,  formerly romanized as Mukden, is the capital and largest city of Liaoning Province, as well as the largest city in Northeast China by urban population. According to the 2010 census, the city's urban area has 6,255,921 inhabitants, while the total population of the Shenyang municipality is up to 8,106,171. Currently holding sub-provincial administrative status, the city was once known as Shengjing or Fengtian Prefecture.  In the 17th century, Shenyang was conquered by the Manchu people and briefly used as the capital of the Qing dynasty.Along with its nearby cities, Shenyang is an important industrial centre in China, and serves as the transportation and commercial hub of China's northeast—particularly with Japan, Russia, and Korea. A titan of heavy industry since the 1930s, and the spearhead of the Chinese central government's Northeast Area Revitalization Plan, the city has been diversifying its industry and now has a solid industrial foundation, a good land and air transport network, abundant natural resources, and a skilled workforce.The sub-provincial city region includes the nine metropolitan districts of Shenyang proper, the county-level city of Xinmin, and three counties of Liaozhong, Kangping and Faku."
"Shijiazhuang (Chinese: 石家庄; pinyin: Shíjiāzhuāng), also written Shikiachwang or Shihkiachwang, is the capital and largest city of North China's Hebei province. Administratively a prefecture-level city, it is about 263 kilometres (163 mi) southwest of Beijing, and it administers 6 districts, 5 county-level cities, and 12 counties.At the 2010 census, it had a total population of 10,163,788, with 2,766,614 in the urban area and 4,770,400 in the built-up (or metro) area comprising the 5 urban districts, the counties of Zhengding and Luancheng, Luquan City and now Gaocheng City largely conurbated with the Shijiazhuang metropolitan area as urbanization continues to proliferate. Shijiazhuang's total population ranked twelfth in mainland China.Shijiazhuang is a modernizing and ever growing city. It experienced dramatic growth after the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949. The population of the metropolitan area has more than quadrupled in only 30 years as a result of fast industrialization and major infrastructural developments. Shijiazhuang is a major transportation hub in the region which has contributed to the city's fast growth and development. From 2008 to 2011, Shijiazhuang implemented a three-year plan which concluded with the reorganization of the city resulting in an increase of green areas and improved urbanization (new buildings, new roads and road plans). The three-year plan was a success and even after it ended, the city continues to benefit from the major projects that were implemented with the opening of a new train station, a new airport and a subway system. Even with the green areas, however, Shijiazhuang continues to suffer from pollution. The top ten cities that suffered the most days of severe pollution includes Shijiazhuang."
"Shinyanga, also known as Shinyanga mji in the local Swahili language, is a city in northern Tanzania. The city is the location of the regional headquarters of Shinyanga Region as well as the district headquarters of Shinyanga Urban District. The region and district are named after the town."
"Shiraz (/ʃiːrɑːz/; Persian: شیراز‎, Šīrāz, Persian pronunciation: [ʃiːˈrɒːz],  About this sound pronunciation ) is the sixth most populous city of Iran and the capital of Fars Province. In 2009, the population of the city was 1,455,073. Shiraz is located in the southwest of Iran on the Roodkhaneye Khoshk (Dry River) seasonal river. It has a moderate climate and has been a regional trade center for over a thousand years. It is regarded as one of the oldest cities of ancient Persia.The earliest reference to the city, as Tiraziš, is on Elamite clay tablets dated to 2000 BC. In the 13th century, Shiraz became a leading center of the arts and letters, due to the encouragement of its ruler and the presence of many Persian scholars and artists. It was the capital of Persia during the Zand dynasty from 1750 until 1781, as well as briefly during the Saffarid period. Two famous poets of Iran, Hafez and Saadi, are from Shiraz.Shiraz is known as the city of poets, literature, wine and flowers. It is also considered by many Iranians to be the city of gardens, due to the many gardens and fruit trees that can be seen in the city. Shiraz has had major Jewish and Christian communities. The crafts of Shiraz consist of inlaid mosaic work of triangular design; silver-ware; pile carpet-weaving and weaving of kilim, called gilim and jajim in the villages and among the tribes. In Shiraz industries such as cement production, sugar, fertilizers, textile products, wood products, metalwork and rugs dominate. Shirāz also has a major oil refinery and is also a major center for Iran's electronic industries: 53% of Iran's electronic investment has been centered in Shiraz. Shiraz is home to Iran's first solar power plant. Recently the city's first wind turbine has been installed above Babakoohi mountain near the city."
"Shwebo (Burmese: ရွှေဘိုမြို့ [ʃwèbò mjo̰]) is a city in Sagaing Region, 110 km northwest of Mandalay between the Irrawaddy and the Mu rivers. The city was the origin of the Konbaung Dynasty, established by King Alaungpaya in 1752, that was the dominant political force in Burma after the mid-18th century. It served as Alaungpaya's capital from 1752 to 1760."
"Shwegu (Burmese: ရွှေကူမြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar."
"Sibiu (Romanian pronunciation: [siˈbiw], antiquated, Sibiiu; German: Hermannstadt, Hungarian: Nagyszeben, Turkish: Sebin) is a city in Transylvania, Romania, with a population of 147,245. Located some 215 km (134 mi) north-west of Bucharest, the city straddles the Cibin River, a tributary of the river Olt. Now the capital of Sibiu County, between 1692 and 1791 and 1849-1865 Sibiu was the capital of the Principality of Transylvania.Sibiu is one of the most important cultural centres of Romania and was designated the European Capital of Culture for the year 2007, along with the city of Luxembourg. Formerly the centre of the Transylvanian Saxons, the old city of Sibiu was ranked as ""Europe's 8th most idyllic place to live"" by Forbes.The city administers the Păltiniș ski resort."
"Sibolga (formerly sometimes Siboga) is a city and a port located in the natural harbour of Sibolga Bay on the west coast of North Sumatra province, in Indonesia. It is located on the western side of North Sumatra, facing the Indian Ocean and is a transit harbour to the Nias island which was hard hit during the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake. The City has an area of 10.77 km2 and had a population of 84,444 at the 2010 Census."
"Sidoktaya, also Sitoktaya or Setoketaya (in Burmese: ေစတုတၱရာ) is a town and seat of Sidoktaya Township in Minbu District of Magway Division,  situated in middle west region of Burma. It is bordered with Salin township to the east, with Pwintbyu township to the south-east, with Ngape township to the south, with Minbya township (Rakhine State) to the west, with Kanpelek township (Chin State) to the north-west and with Saw township to the north. It is a hilly region of Rakhine. Mount Sun Taung, the highest mountain in Rakhine, 6,527 feet (1,989 m) high, is in Sidoktaya township."
"Sikasso is a city in the south of Mali and the capital of the Sikasso Cercle and the Sikasso Region.  It is Mali's second largest city with 225,753 residents in the 2009 census."
"Silvassa About this sound Pronunciations ; Gujarati: સેલ્વાસ; Portuguese: Silvassá) is the capital of the Indian Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli.During the Portuguese rule, Silvassa was also known as Vila de Paço d'Arcos, the same name of a town near Lisbon (Paço de Arcos, Oeiras).The city has a large number of factories and industries providing significant government revenue, which allows the city to maintain a low level of taxation.Template:Original research?"
"Simele or Sumail (Kurdish: Sêmêl, Syriac: ܣܡܠܐ, Arabic:سميل) is an historically Assyrian town located in the Iraqi province of Dohuk and part of Iraqi Kurdistan.  The city is on the main road that connects Iraq to its neighbour Turkey. It is 14 kilometers west of the city of Dohuk."
"Sincelejo (Spanish pronunciation: [sinseˈlexo]) is the capital and the largest city in the Colombian department of Sucre. It is also the main city in the denominated Región Sabanas (Savannas Region), a subdivision of the Caribbean Region of Colombia, and the 23rd biggest city by population in Colombia. The city is located 30 kilometers away from the Caribbean Sea by the Gulf of Morrosquillo; 125 kilometers away from Cartagena and 200 kilometers from Barranquilla."
"Khamti, Hkamti, Singkaling Hkamti, Singkawng, Kanti or Kantee is a town in Hkamti District, Sagaing Division, in northwestern Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative center for both the district and Hkamti Township (Khamti Township).Its airport is known as Khamti Airport.Although Singkaling Hkamti is often called Khamti (Hkamti), there is also a village about two miles to the west that is called ""Hkampti""."
"Singkawang or San Keuw Jong (Chinese: 山口洋; pinyin: Shānkǒuyáng) is a city located in the province of West Kalimantan (or Kalimantan Barat), on the island of Borneo in Indonesia. It is located at about 145 km north of Pontianak, the provincial capital, and is surrounded by the Pasi, Poteng, and Sakok mountains. Singkawang is derived from Hakka, San khew jong which refers to a town in hills nearby a sea and estuary."
"Sittwe  (Burmese: စစ်တွေမြို့; MLCTS: cac twe mrui.; Burmese pronunciation: [sɪʔtwè mjo̰]; formerly, Akyab) is the capital of Rakhine State, Myanmar (Burma). Sittwe, pronounced site-tway in the Rakhine language, is located on an estuarial island created at the confluence of the Kaladan, Mayu, and Lay Mro rivers emptying into the Bay of Bengal. The city has 181,000 inhabitants (2006). it is the administrative seat of Sittwe Township and Sittwe District."
"Skopje (Macedonian: Скопје, [ˈskɔpjɛ] (13px )) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Macedonia. It is the country's political, cultural, economic, and academic center. It was known in the Roman period under the name Scupi.The territory of Skopje has been inhabited since at least 4000 BC; remains of Neolithic settlements have been found within the old Kale Fortress that overlooks the modern city centre. On the eve of the 1st century AD, the settlement was seized by the Romans and became a military camp. When the Roman Empire was divided into eastern and western halves in 395 AD, Scupi came under Byzantine rule from Constantinople. During much of the early medieval period, the town was contested between the Byzantines and the Bulgarian Empire, whose capital it was between 972 and 992. From 1282, the town was part of the Serbian Empire and acted as its capital city from 1346. In 1392, the city was conquered by the Ottoman Turks who renamed the town Üsküp. The town stayed under Ottoman control over 500 years, serving as the capital of pashasanjak of Üsküb and later the Vilayet of Kosovo. At that time the city was famous for its oriental architecture. In 1912, it was annexed by the Kingdom of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First World War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia). In the Second World War the city was conquered by the Bulgarian Army, which was part of Axis powers. In 1944, it became the capital city of Democratic Macedonia (later Socialist Republic of Macedonia), which was a federal state, part of Democratic Federal Yugoslavia (later Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia). The city developed rapidly after World War II, but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when it was hit by a disastrous earthquake. In 1991, it became the capital city of an independent Macedonia.Skopje is located on the upper course of the Vardar River, and is located on a major north-south Balkan route between Belgrade and Athens. It is a center for metal-processing, chemical, timber, textile, leather, and printing industries. Industrial development of the city has been accompanied by development of the trade, logistics, and banking sectors, as well as an emphasis on the fields of culture and sport. According to the last official count from 2002, Skopje has a population of 506,926 inhabitants; according to two unofficial estimates for more recent period, the city has a population of 668,518 or 491,000 inhabitants."
"Sofia (/ˈsoʊfiə/) (Bulgarian: София, pronounced [ˈsɔfijɐ] (13px )) is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria. Its history spans 2,400 years.The city is located at the foot of Vitosha Mountain in the western part of the country. It occupies a strategic position at the centre of the Balkan Peninsula.Sofia is the 15th largest city in the European Union with population of around 1.3 million people. It has been ranked by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network as a Beta− city. Many of the major universities, cultural institutions and commercial companies of Bulgaria are concentrated in Sofia."
"Sohag (Arabic: سوهاج‎, Saidi pronunciation: [suːˈhaːdʒ] (13px ) Sūhāǧ, Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [soˈhæːɡ] Sohāg), also known as Sawhāj, Suhag and Suhaj, is a city in Egypt that lies on the west bank of the Nile. It has been the capital of Sohag Governorate since 1960. Prior to that, the capital was the city of Girga and the name of the governorate was Girga Governorate. It also included Esna Governorate (nowadays Qena Governorate)."
"Sokoto is a city located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria, near the confluence of the Sokoto River and the Rima River. As of 2006 it has a population of 427,760.  Sokoto is the modern-day capital of Sokoto State (and its predecessor, the Northwestern State).The name Sokoto (which is the modern/anglicised version of the local name, Sakkwato) is of Arabic origin, representing suk, 'market'. It is also known as Sakkwato, Birnin Shaihu da Bello or ""Sokoto, Capital of Shaihu and Bello"".Being the seat of the Sokoto Caliphate, the city is predominantly Muslim and an important seat of Islamic learning in Nigeria. The Sultan who heads the caliphate is effectively the spiritual leader of Nigerian Muslims."
"Solok (means valley) is a city in West Sumatra, Indonesia. Its motto is Kota Beras, which means ""the rice city"". It has an area of 57.64 km² and a population of 62,483 people in 2014."
"The city of Solothurn (German: Solothurn pronounced [ˈzoːlotʊrn] (13px ); French: Soleure; Italian: Soletta; Romansh: Soloturn) is the capital of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. The city also is the only municipality of the district of the same name."
"Solwezi is the capital of the North-Western Province of Zambia.  Solwezi has approximately 65,000 inhabitants at an elevation of 1235 m above sea level.  Kaonde is the largest tribe represented in Solwezi, but you can also find large numbers of Lunda and Luvale speaking people."
"Sonoma is a historically significant city in Sonoma Valley, Sonoma County, California, United States, surrounding its historic town plaza, a remnant of the town's Mexican colonial past.  Today, Sonoma is a center of the state's wine industry for the Sonoma Valley AVA Appellation, as well as the home of the Sonoma International Film Festival. Sonoma's population was 10,648 as of the 2010 census, while the Sonoma urban area had a population of 32,678."
"Stavanger /stəˈvæŋər/ (Norwegian pronunciation: [stɑˈʋɑŋər]  (13px listen)) is a city and municipality in Norway. The city is the third-largest urban zone and metropolitan area in Norway (through conurbation with neighbouring Sandnes) and the administrative centre of Rogaland county. The municipality is the fourth most populous in Norway. Located on the Stavanger Peninsula in Southwest Norway, Stavanger counts its official founding year as 1125, the year Stavanger cathedral was completed. Stavanger's core is to a large degree 18th- and 19th-century wooden houses that are protected and considered part of the city's cultural heritage. This has caused the town centre and inner city to retain a small-town character with an unusually high ratio of detached houses, and has contributed significantly to spreading the city's population growth to outlying parts of Greater Stavanger.Stavanger is today considered the center of the oil industry in Norway and is one of Europe's energy capitals and is often called the oil capital. Forus Business Park located on the municipal boundary between Stavanger, Sandnes and Sola and is one of the largest business parks with 2,500 companies and nearly 40,000 jobs. Scandinavia's largest company, Statoil, has its headquarters at Forus in Stavanger, and in addition, several international oil and gas company 's Norwegian office in the city . As a result, the city is considered to be very international, with an immigrant share of 20.2% . Several state actors Petoro, NPD and PSA also have their head offices in Stavanger. Stavanger is also home to several institutions of higher education, where the University of Stavanger (UiS) is the largest. The University offers several PhD programs, including petroleum engineering and offshore technology. The town is also the residence of the city to Stavanger University Hospital (SUS), Western, Norwegian Petroleum Museum, International Research Institute, Rogaland Theatre, the Culinary Institute and boot camp KNM Harald.The city's rapid population growth in the late 1900s was primarily a result of Norway's booming offshore oil industry. Today the oil industry is a key industry in the Stavanger region and the city is widely referred to as the Oil Capital of Norway. The largest company in the Nordic region, Norwegian energy company Statoil is headquartered in Stavanger. Multiple educational institutions for higher education are located in Stavanger. The largest of these is the University of Stavanger.Domestic and international military installations are located in Stavanger, among these is the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's Joint Warfare Center. Other international establishments, and especially local branches of foreign oil and gas companies, contribute further to a significant foreign population in the city. Immigrants make up 11.3% of Stavanger's population. Stavanger has since the early 2000s consistently had an unemployment rate significantly lower than the Norwegian and European average. In 2011, the unemployment rate was less than 2%. The city is also among those that frequent various lists of expensive cities in the world, and Stavanger has even been ranked as the world's most expensive city by certain indexes.Stavanger is served by international airport Stavanger Airport, Sola, which offers flights to cities in most major European countries, as well as a limited number of intercontinental charter flights. The airport was named most punctual European regional airport by flightstats.com in 2010.Every two years, Stavanger organizes the Offshore Northern Seas (ONS), which is the second largest exhibition and conference for the energy sector. Gladmat food festival is also held each year and is considered to be one of Scandinavia's leading food festivals. The city is also known for being one of the nation's premier culinary clusters. Stavanger 2008 European Capital of Culture."
"Stockholm (/ˈstɒkhoʊm, -hoʊlm/; Swedish pronunciation: [ˈstɔkːˈɔlm, ˈstɔkˈhɔlm] (About this sound pronunciation)) is the capital of Sweden and the most populous city in the Nordic region, with 909,976 people living in the municipality, approximately 1.4 million in the urban area, and a total population close to 2.2 million in the metropolitan area. The city is spread across 14 islands on the coast in the southeast of Sweden at the mouth of Lake Mälaren, by the Stockholm archipelago and the Baltic sea. The area has been settled since the Stone Age, in the 6th millennium BC, and was founded as a city in 1252 by Birger Jarl.Stockholm is the cultural, media, political, and economic centre of Sweden. The region alone accounts for over a third of the country's GDP, and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita. It's an important global city, and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region. The city is home to some of Europe's top ranking universities, such as the Karolinska Institute, and hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall. One of the city's most prized museums, the Vasa Museum, is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia. The Stockholm metro, opened in 1950, is well known for its decoration of the stations; it has been called the longest art gallery in the world. Sweden's national football arena is located north of the city centre, in Solna. Ericsson Globe, the national indoor arena, is in the southern part of the city. The city was the host of the 1912 Summer Olympics, and hosted the equestrian portion of the 1956 Summer Olympics otherwise held in Melbourne, Australia.Stockholm is the seat of the Government of Sweden and most government agencies, including the highest courts in the Judiciary, and the official residencies of the Swedish monarch and the Prime Minister. The Government has its seat in the Rosenbad building, the Riksdag is seated in the Parliament House, and the Prime Minister's residence is adjacent at the Sager House.  The Stockholm Palace is the official residence and principal workplace of the Swedish monarch, while the Drottningholm Palace, a World Heritage Site on the outskirts of Stockholm, serves as the Royal Family's private residence."
"Stung Treng (Khmer: ស្ទឹងត្រែង) is the capital of Stung Treng Province, Cambodia. It is located in the western part of the Virachey National Park. It is the major city (and capital) of both the district and province and has a population of 29,665 (2009). In Lao, the city's name is known as Xieng Teng.Stung Treng is located on a high sandy bank overlooking the Mekong River, where it is joined by the Se Kong river. It lies along the National Highway 7,  about 400 km from Phnom Penh and 50 km south of the Laos border. A bridge connects the city to the other side of the river. The population is made up of a mix of Khmer and Lao peoples. It contains a hospital, the Acleda Bank, Kong Ratana Sambath Guesthouse, Ou Dynak Red Guesthouse, Sok Sambath Hotel and Sorya Restaurant and an old settlement nearby called Thala Borivat.The city is served by Stung Treng Airport, but currently there are no regular commercial services."
"Suceava (Romanian pronunciation: [suˈt͡ʃe̯ava] is the seat of Suceava County, in the Bukovina region, in north-eastern Romania. The city was the capital of the Principality of Moldavia from 1388 to 1565."
"Suez  (Arabic: السويس‎ as-Suways ; Egyptian Arabic:  es-Sewēs, el-Sewēs pronounced [esseˈweːs])  is a seaport city (population ca. 497,000) in north-eastern Egypt, located on the north coast of the Gulf of Suez (a branch of the Red Sea), near the southern terminus of the Suez Canal, having the same boundaries as Suez governorate.  It has three harbors, Adabya, Ain Sokhna and Port Tawfiq, and extensive port facilities. Together they form a metropolitan area.Railway lines and highways connect the city with Cairo, Port Said, and Ismailia.  Suez has a petrochemical plant, and its oil refineries have pipelines carrying the finished product to Cairo."
"Sukabumi is a city surrounded by the regency of the same name in the southern foothills of Mount Gede, in West Java, Indonesia, about 80 km (50 mi) south of the national capital, Jakarta.At an altitude of approximately 600 meters (2000 feet), the city is a minor hill station resort, with a cooler climate than the surrounding lowlands. Sukabumi is also a destination for whitewater rafting. Rubber production is a major industry in the area.  The area surrounding Sukabumi circling the mountain has grown tremendously in population, such that northern Sukabumi Regency, hugging the volcano, and bordering Greater Jakarta, is home to the bulk of the regency's population.  The area of the city is 48.15 sq.km, and the population at the 2010 Census was 300,359; the latest official estimate (as for January 2014) was 321,205. However, some 1.8 million people, as of the 2010 census figures, live in the northern third of Sukabumi Regency, effectively are suburbs of Sukabumi city."
"Sukhumi or Sokhumi (Georgian: სოხუმი, Sokhumi; Abkhaz: Аҟәа, Aqwa; Russian: Сухум, Sukhum) is a city in western Georgia and the capital of Abkhazia, a disputed region on the Black Sea coast. The city suffered significant damage during the Georgian–Abkhazian conflict in the early 1990s."
"Sulaymaniyah  or Slemany, (Kurdish: سلێمانی / Silêmanî) is a city in Southern Kurdistan (Kurdistan of Iraq) and the capital of Sulaymaniyah Governorate. Sulaymaniyah is surrounded by the Azmer Range, Goyija Range and the Qaiwan Range in the northeast, Baranan Mountain in the south and the Tasluja Hills in the west. The city has a semi-arid climate with very hot dry summers and cool wet winters. Sulaymaniyah served as the capital of the historic Kurdish principality of Baban from 1784 to 1850.The modern city of Sulaymaniyah was founded on 14 November 1784 by the Kurdish prince Ibrahim Pasha Baban who named it after his father Sulaiman Pasha. Because it was founded as the capital of a powerful Kurdish principality, Sulaymaniyah has developed into a large city with a population of more than 1,500,000 people. It is an important economic center for northern Iraq and has been named the cultural center for Sorani-speaking Kurds continuously since 1992.From its foundation Sulaymaniyah was always a center of great poets, writers, historians, politicians, scholars and singers, such as Nalî, Mahwi, Piramerd, Muhammed Emin Zeki Bey, Taufiq Wahby, Sherko Bekas, Bachtyar Ali, Mahmud Barzanji, Mawlawi, Mawlânâ Khâlid and Mustafa Zihni Pasha."
"Sumbawanga is a city located in western Tanzania. It is the capital of Rukwa Region. The regional population is approximately 150,000 based on a 2002 census. Sumbawanga lies in the territory of the Wafipa Fipa  tribe and so many people speak Kifipa, as well as Kiswahili, the most widely used language of Tanzania.  The name of the town literally translates as ""throw away your witchcraft"", thought to be a warning from local spiritual ""healers"" to any bringing in superstitions and practices relating to spiritual healers from other areas; there are still some healers who practice both in town and in the surrounding smaller villages on the plateau. The town has the largest hospital in the region, Rukwa General Hospital, which is government funded, as well as the smaller Dr. Atiman Hospital administrated and run by the Catholic Diocese of Sumbawanga.The town acts as a supply and commercial center for the Rukwa Region and some governmental agencies are to be found there, notably the transport department for the region. Sumbawanga has both Libori and Moravian conference centres. A modest-size market is in the town centre where local produce may be found. This includes maize, rice, fruit, poultry and fish (from Lake Tanganyika and Lake Rukwa). Many imported plastic goods and electronics are available as well as bicycles and spares.  Although there are several fuel outlets, supply can be quite erratic because of the difficulties of transport from the coast.The local economy is largely dependent on agriculture and small locally owned businesses. There is very limited industry or production in the town. Significant improvement could be expected if the road to Mbeya was sealed to enable reliable all-weather access year round. This road, and its continuation north to Mpanda and Tabora or Kigoma, can become impassable at the height of the wet season (Feb-Mar).  The Tanzanian government does have contracts in place for upgrading large sections of these roads.  The town can be reached by flights operated by Auric Air or by bus from Mbeya which lies to the south with train links to the town of Kapiri Mposhi in Zambia, to Dar es Salaam. Rail is also available through Tabora from Mpanda in the north.  Mpanda also has an airport with a 2km sealed runway.Sumbawanga has many schools and colleges, including Chem Chem Secondary School, Sumbawanga Secondary School, St. Aggrey Chanji High School, Mazwi Secondary School, St. Aggrey Teaching College, Musoma Utalii College, and Chem Chem Teaching College."
"Sumbe (pre-1975: Novo Redondo) is a city located in west central Angola. It is the administrative capital of Cuanza Sul Province. Its population counts about 26,000."
"Sumedang (former official name: Soemedang) is a town in West Java, Indonesia, approximately 46 km northeast of Bandung. It is the capital of Sumedang Regency. The town is just south of the volcanic Mount Tampomas, which is 1,684 m (5,525 ft) high and is usually climbed from the subdistrict of Cimalaka, 7 km from Sumedang.Sumedang's museum, Prabu Geusan Ulun, houses a collection of traditional Sundanese weaponry, as well as some crown jewels and other finery. It is located on Geusan Ulun Road.The town is famous for tahu Bungkeng, a local variety of deep fried tofu which was first made by a Chinese immigrant, Ong Kino.Within the district surrounding the town lies Cadas Pangeran, a section of the trans-Java postal road constructed on the order of French governor Willem Daendels during the first quarter of 19th century.  The section is famous due to difficulty during the construction, which requires blasting of a mountainside.  Hence ""cadas"" which means mountain rock in Sundanese.  The section is finished due to cooperation between the governor, regent Kusumadinata known as ""pangeran kornel"", and the people of Sumedang, although with considerable ill-feeling on the part of the regent and the people due to forced labor practice.  A statue commemorating this event is erected on the section. The town also houses the exiled Indonesian national heroine Cut Nyak Dhien from Aceh during her old age, after she was captured during the Aceh War at the beginning of 20th century.  Her tomb is located not far from the town."
"Sunyani is a city and the capital town of the Brong-Ahafo Region and the  Sunyani Municipal of Ghana. Sunyani had a population of 248,496 at the 2012 census."
"Surabaya (Indonesian pronunciation: [surəˈbaja]) (formerly Soerabaja, Soerabaia or Surabaja) is Indonesia's second-largest city with a population of over 3.1 million (5.6 million in the metropolitan area), and the capital of the province of East Java. It is located on the northern shore of eastern Java at the mouth of the Mas River and along the edge of the Madura Strait.To some Indonesians, it is known as ""the city of heroes"" due to the importance of the Battle of Surabaya in galvanizing Indonesian and international support for Indonesian independence during the Indonesian National Revolution. Surabaya is also known as the birthplace of Indonesia's first president, Sukarno."
"Swakopmund (German for ""Mouth of the Swakop"") is a city on the coast of western Namibia, 280 km (170 mi) west of Windhoek, Namibia's capital. It is the capital of the Erongo administrative district. The town has 44,725 inhabitants and covers 193 square kilometres (75 sq mi) of land. The city is situated in the Namib desert and is the fourth largest population centre in Namibia.Swakopmund is a beach resort and an example of German colonial architecture. It was founded in 1892 as the main harbour for German South-West Africa, and a sizable part of its population is still German-speaking today.Buildings in the city include the Altes Gefängnis prison, designed by Heinrich Bause in 1909. The Woermannhaus, built in 1906 with a prominent tower, is now a public library. Attractions in Swakopmund include a Swakopmund Museum, the National Marine Aquarium, a crystal gallery and spectacular sand dunes near Langstrand south of the Swakop River. Outside of the city, the Rossmund Desert Golf Course is one of only five all-grass desert golf courses in the world.  Nearby lies a camel farm and the Martin Luther steam locomotive, dating from 1896 and abandoned in the desert.Swakopmund lies on the B2 road and the Trans-Namib Railway from Windhoek to Walvis Bay. It is served by Swakopmund Airport and Swakopmund Railway Station."
"Tabriz (Persian: ‎تبریز, pronounced [tæbˈriːz] (13px ); Azerbaijani: تبریز ,Tәbriz )  is the most populated city in the northwest of Iran, one of the historical capitals of Iran, and the present capital of East Azerbaijan Province. Tabriz is located at an elevation of 1,350 meters above sea level in the Quru River valley between the long ridge of the volcanic cone of Sahand and Eynali mountain. The valley opens up into a plain that gently slopes down to the eastern shores of Lake Urmia, 60 kilometres (37 miles) to the west. With cold winters and temperate summers, the city is considered a summer resort.Tabriz has a population of 1,545,491.  It is a major heavy industry hub for automobile, machine tools, refineries and petrochemical, textile, and cement production industries. Tabriz is also a site for some of the  most prestigious academic and cultural institutes in the northwest of Iran.The city has a long and turbulent history with its oldest civilization sites dated back to 1,500 B.C. It contains many historical monuments representing the transition of Iranian architecture in its long historical timelines. Most of the preserved historical sites in the city are belong to Ilkhanid, Safavid, and Qajar area, among them is the large Tabriz Historic Bazaar Complex which is inscribed as a World Heritage Site in 2010."
"Tabuk (Arabic: تبوك‎ Tabūk), also spelled Tabouk, is the capital city of the Tabuk Region in northwestern Saudi Arabia. It has a population of 534,893 (2010 census).Tabuk is close to the Jordan–Saudi Arabia border. It houses the largest air force base in Saudi Arabia."
"Tachileik (Burmese: တာချီလိတ်မြို့ [tà tɕʰì leɪʔ mjo̰]; also spelt Tachilek; Thai: ท่าขี้เหล็ก, RTGS: Tha Khi Lek), is a border town in the Shan State of eastern Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Tachileik Township and Tachileik District."
"Tacna is a city in southern Peru and the regional capital of the Tacna Region. A very commercially active city, it is located only 35 km (22 mi) north of the border with Chile, inland from the Pacific Ocean and in the valley of the Caplina River. Initially called San Pedro de Tacna, it has gained a reputation for patriotism, with many monuments and streets named after heroes of Peru's struggle for independence (1821–1824) and the War of the Pacific (1879–1883). Residents of Tacna are known in Spanish as tacneños."
"Tainan (臺南 or 台南; literally ""Taiwan South""), officially Tainan City, is a special municipality located in southern Taiwan, facing the Taiwan Strait in the west and south. Tainan is the oldest city in Taiwan and also commonly known as the ""Prefecture City"" (Chinese: 府城; pinyin: fǔchéng) for its over 200 years of history as the capital of Taiwan under Koxinga and later Qing dynasty rule. Tainan's complex history of comebacks, redefinitions and renewals inspired its popular nickname ""the Phoenix City"".Tainan was initially established by the Dutch East India Company as a ruling and trading base called Fort Zeelandia during the period of Dutch rule on Taiwan. After Dutch colonists were defeated by Koxinga in 1661, Tainan remained as the capital of the Tungning Kingdom until 1683 and afterwards the capital of Taiwan Prefecture under the rule of Qing Dynasty until 1887, when the new provincial capital was moved to Taipei. Tainan has been historically regarded as one of the oldest cities in Taiwan, and its former name, Tayouan (大員), has been claimed to be the origin of the name ""Taiwan"". It is also one of Taiwan's cultural capitals, for its rich folk cultures including the famous local snack food, extensively preserved Taoist rites and other living local traditions covering everything from child birth to funerals. The city houses the first Confucian school–temple, built in 1665, the remains of the Eastern and Southern gates of the old city, and countless other historical monuments. Tainan claims more Buddhist and Taoist temples than any other city in Taiwan."
"Taipei (/ˌtaɪˈpeɪ/,  literally means ""North of Taiwan""), officially known as Taipei City (Chinese: 臺北市 or 台北市; pinyin: Táiběi Shì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-pak Chhī), is the capital city and a special municipality of Taiwan. Situated at the northern tip of Taiwan, Taipei City is an enclave of and completely surrounded by municipality of New Taipei. It is about 25 km (16 mi) southwest of northern port city Keelung. The city locates on the Taipei Basin, an ancient lakebed bounded by the two relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers, which join to form the Tamsui River along the city's western border. The city proper is home to an estimated population of 2,693,672 in 2009, forming the core part of the Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area which includes the nearby cities of New Taipei and Keelung with a population of 6,900,273, the 40th most-populous urban area in the world. The term ""Taipei"" can be either referred to the whole metropolitan area or city proper itself. In political terms, ""Taipei"" can occasionally be used as a synecdoche regarding the sovereignty of Taiwan. Due to the ongoing controversial political status of Taiwan, a designated name Chinese Taipei is in common use when Taiwanese governmental representatives or national teams participate in some international organizations (which may required an UN statehood) in order to avoid extensive political effects by using other names.Before the city was founded by Chinese immigrants in the early 18th century, the region of Taipei Basin was mainly inhabited by the indigenous people known as the Ketagalan. In the 19th century, the city rapidly grew in importance due to significant growth of international trades. Taipei Prefecture was created in 1875 by the Qing Dynasty of China and was formally made provincial capital of Taiwan in 1894. Following the annexation of Taiwan by Japan in 1895, Japan retained Taipei as capital of the island and embarked on an extensive program of advanced urban planning. A number of Taipei landmarks and cultural institutions date from this period. The Republic of China took over the island in 1945 following Japan's surrender. After the Chinese Civil War, the ruling party Kuomintang (KMT) lost its control of whole mainland China and relocated the ROC government to Taiwan, proclaimed Taipei as the provisional capital of the Republic of China in December 1949. In 1990 Taipei provided the backdrop for the Wild Lily student rallies that moved Taiwanese society from one-party rule to multi-party democracy. Taipei is the political, economic, and cultural center of Taiwan. Considered to be a global city, Taipei is part of a major high-tech industrial area.  Railways, high-speed rail, highways, airports, and bus lines connect Taipei with all parts of the island. The city is served by two airports – Taipei Songshan and Taiwan Taoyuan. Taipei is home to various world-famous architectural or cultural landmarks which include Taipei 101, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Dalongdong Baoan Temple, Hsing Tian Kong, Mengjia Longshan Temple, National Palace Museum, Presidential Office Building, Night markets, and Ximending. Its natural features such as Maokong, Yangmingshan, and hot springs are also well known to international visitors."
"Taiyuan (Chinese: 太原; pinyin: Tàiyuán [tʰaɪ̂ɥɛ̌n], also known as Bing (并), Jinyang (晋阳)) is the capital and largest city of North China's Shanxi province. At the 2010 census, it had a total population of 4,201,591 inhabitants on 6,959 km2 (2,687 sq mi), from whom 3,212,500 are urban on 1,460 km2 (560 sq mi). The name of the city literally means ""Great Plains"", referring to the location where the Fen River leaves the mountains. The city is  located at the centre of the province with an East-West span of 144 km and a North-South span of 107 km."
"Tamale (pronounced [ˈtamalɛ]) officially called Tamale Metropolitan District is the capital town of the Northern Region of Ghana. Tamale is Ghana's third city and the second largest by area size. It has a 2013 projected population of 562,919 according to the 2012 census, making it the third largest settlement in Ghana and the fastest growing city in West Africa. The town is located 600 kilometres (370 mi) north of Accra.Most Tamale residents are moderate followers of Islam, as reflected by the multitude of mosques in Tamale, most notably the Central Mosque. The Sunnites and the Ahmadiyyans also have their own central mosques, north of the town centre along Bolgatanga Road.Tamale is located in Northern region and more precisely in the Kingdom of Dagbon (Dagbon Kingdom). The local (neighbourhood) chiefs and the district chief of Tamale are subservient to the Dagomba Paramount Chief (King) in Yendi.Due to Tamale central location, Tamale serves as a hub for all administrative and commercial activities in Northern region, doubling as the political, economic and financial capital of Northern region. The center of Tamale hosts regional branches of financial institutions and  a considerable number of international non-governmental organizations.Tamale has developed and transformed significantly in the last few years. The new dimension of Tamale's development is the rush by various companies to open branches in Tamale. The hospitality industry has grown significantly with new hotels and guest houses built around Tamale. Tamale grew from a conglomeration of towns where one could find an architectural blend of traditional mud houses and more modern buildings. Tamale's new and modern facilities include the newly constructed Tamale Stadium, replacing the town's former principal football pitch, Kaladan Park, with a world-class venue. Indeed, many improvements to Tamale's infrastructure occurred in the period leading up to the 2008 African Cup of Nations tournament. Further improvements were made, particularly to Tamale's road system. Tamale has been voted three consecutive times by the Ghana Tourist Board as the cleanest city in Ghana and is boastful of well organized road networking in comparison to other cities and regions throughout Ghana. Upon arriving in the city, one will be quick to notice that the roads of the city are occupied with motorcycles with ""mapukas"" being the most patronised. This, however, does not interfere with the steady smooth flow of traffic on the major roads of the city."
"Tambacounda is the largest city in eastern Senegal, 250 miles (400 km) southeast of Dakar, and is the Regional capital of the province of the same name. Its estimated population in 2007 was 78,800."
"Tamu or Tuimu is a town in Sagaing Region in northwest Burma near the border with the eastern Indian state of Manipur. It is the administrative seat for Tamu Township."
"Tanai (Burmese: တနိုင်းမြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar."
"Tanga is both the name of the most northerly seaport city of Tanzania, and the surrounding Tanga Region. It is the Regional Headquarters of the region. With a population of 243,580 in 2002, Tanga is one of the largest cities in the country. It is a quiet city compared to, for example, Arusha or Moshi with a comparable number of inhabitants.The city of Tanga sits on the Indian Ocean, near the border with Kenya. Major exports from the port of Tanga include sisal, coffee, tea, and cotton. Tanga is also an important railroad terminus, connecting much of the northern Tanzanian interior with the sea. Via the Tanzania Railways Corporation's Link Line and Central Line, Tanga is linked to the African Great Lakes region and the Tanzanian economic capital of Dar es Salaam. The city is served by Tanga Airport.The harbour and surrounding is the centre of life in Tanga. It is stretched out several km² into the country. It has several markets in several neighbourhoods."
"Tangerang is a city in the Province of Banten, Indonesia. It is located about 25 km west of Jakarta. It is the third largest urban centre in the Jabotabek region after Jakarta and Bekasi, now the sixth largest city in the nation.  It has an area of 164.54 km² and an official 2010 Census population of 1,797,715,  increasing to 2,001,925 as at 2014 - making it the eighth most populated suburb in the world at the latter date.  The Soekarno-Hatta International Airport which serves metropolitan Jakarta is located within the city."
"Tanintharyi or Taninthayi (widely known during the British occupation and since as Tenasserim) is a small town in Taninthayi Township, Myeik District, in the Tanintharyi Region of southwestern Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat for the township. The town is located on the Great Tenasserim River which eventually enters the sea at Myeik. The town is located at the confluence of this river and a tributary known as the ""Little Tenasserim River"" which runs south. The town is built on a hill slope on the site of an ancient city which, for hundreds of years, served as the principal port of Siam. Ethnic  Bamars (Burmans)  (with Dawei and Myeik subgroups) are the majority community here. The hill people who are non-Buddhists are most numerous here. The majority of the population speak the Tavoyan dialect."
"Tanjung Pinang is the capital and second largest city of the Indonesian province of Riau Islands after Batam. A city with roughly 200,000 residents, it is a trading port between islands in the Riau archipelago. Tanjung Pinang is located on south of Bintan island and has ferry and speedboat connections to Batam, Singapore (40 km away), and Johor Bahru."
"Tashkent (/ˌtæʃˈkɛnt/; Uzbek: Toshkent, Тошкент [tɒʃˈkent]; Russian: Ташкент, [tɐʂˈkʲɛnt]; literally ""Stone City"") is the capital of Uzbekistan. The officially registered population of the city in 2012 was about 2,309,300.Due to its position in Central Asia, Tashkent came under Sogdian and Turkic influence early in its history, before Islam in the 8th century AD. After its destruction by Genghis Khan in 1219, the city was rebuilt and profited from the Silk Road. In 1865 it was conquered by the Russian Empire, and in Soviet times witnessed major growth and demographic changes due to forced deportations from throughout the Soviet Union. Today, as the capital of an independent Uzbekistan, Tashkent retains a multi-ethnic population with ethnic Uzbeks as the majority."
"Tasikmalaya is a city in southeastern West Java, Indonesia, located between Bandung and Purwokerto on the southerly of the two major road routes across Java. It is also the administrative capital of a regency bearing the same name.The city is located in the mountainous Preanger region of Java at an elevation of 351 metres (1,151 feet).The population of the city (excluding the rest of the Regency) was 635,424 according to the 2010 Census.  The city is sometimes dubbed ""the City of a Thousand Pesantrens"" for its abundance of Islamic religious schools."
"Taungdwingyi (Burmese: တောင်တွင်းကြီး [tàʊɴdwɪ́ɴdʑí]) is a town located in Magway Region, Myanmar."
"Taunggyi (Burmese: တောင်ကြီးမြို့; MLCTS: taung kri: mrui. [tàʊɴdʑí mjo̰]; Shan: ဝဵင်းတွင်ႇၵျီး [weŋ tɔŋ kji]), is the capital of Shan State, Myanmar. Taunggyi has an estimated population of 345,593 as of 2013, making it the fifth largest city in Myanmar (with Pathein, Mawlamyine), and is at an elevation of 4,712 feet (1,436 m) above sea level.  The name Taunggyi means ""huge mountain"" in the Burmese language, and is named after the ridge on the east of the city, part of the Shan Hills system, whose prominent high point is called Taung-chun or ""The Spur."" Locally this spur is popularly known as Phaya Taung. The ridge has a more prominent and more popular feature known as Chauk Talone, meaning the Craigs.Although within the Shan State, the Shans are not the predominant population of this city. The Inthas and the Pa-Ohs, who are also the original inhabitants of the Shan Plateau, form the most visible population. They however are culturally and linguistically different from the Shan. Recently there has been a flood of Chinese immigrants. Taunggyi lies within the Myelat region of Shan State."
"Taungoo (Burmese: တောင်ငူမြို့; MLCTS: taung ngu mrui., pronounced: [tàʊɴŋù mjo̰]; also spelled Toungoo) is a city in the Bago Region of Myanmar, 220 km from Yangon, towards the northeastern end of the division, with mountain ranges to the east and west. The main industry is in forestry products, with teak and other hardwoods extracted from the mountains. The city is known for its areca palms, to the extent that a Burmese proverb for unexpected good fortune is equated to a ""betel lover winning a trip to Taungoo"". The city is famous in Burmese history for the Taungoo Dynasty which ruled the country for over 200 years between the 16th and 18th centuries.Taungoo today is the best known as the home of Okkthar United FC, the football team in Myanmar."
"Taungtha or Thaungtha is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Burma (Myanmar). It located southwest of the volcanic cone Mount Taungtha (1788 ft) and above the right (east) bank of the Sindewa (Sintewa) River. Taungtha is the administrative seat for Taungtha Township, and is on both the Taunggyi–Myingyan railway and the Meiktila–Myingyan highway. It is also on the Western Trunk Road from Kyaukpadaung to Natogyi."
"Tbilisi (Georgian: თბილისი [tʰb̥ilisi] (13px )), formerly known as Tiflis, is the capital and the largest city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Mtkvari River with a population of roughly 1.5 million inhabitants. Founded in the 5th century by the monarch of Georgia's ancient precursor Kingdom of Iberia, Tbilisi has since served, with intermissions, as the Georgian capital. Formerly, the city had also served as the seat of the Imperial administration of the Caucasus during the Russian rule from 1801 to 1917, the capital of the short-lived Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic in 1918, of the Democratic Republic of Georgia from 1918 to 1921, of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1921 to 1991, and the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic from 1922 to 1936.Located on the southeastern edge of Europe, Tbilisi's proximity to lucrative east-west trade routes often made the city a point of contention between various rival empires throughout history and the city's location to this day ensures its position as an important transit route for global energy and trade projects. Tbilisi's varied history is reflected in its architecture, which is a mix of medieval, classical, and Soviet structures.Historically, Tbilisi has been home to people of diverse cultural, ethnic, and religious backgrounds, though it is overwhelmingly Eastern Orthodox Christian. Notable tourist destinations include cathedrals like Sameba and Sioni, classical Freedom Square and Rustaveli Avenue, medieval Narikala Fortress, pseudo-Moorish Opera Theater, and the Georgian National Museum."
"Tebing Tinggi Deli or more commonly simply Tebing Tinggi is a chartered city (kota) near the eastern coast of North Sumatra, Indonesia.  It has an area of 31 km² and a population at the 2010 National Census of 145,180.  It is surrounded by Serdang Bedagai Regency, which has a kecamatan (district) bordering the city named Tebing Tinggi as well.  Not to be confused with Tebing Tinggi Island in Riau or the kecamatan Tebing Tinggi in South Sumatra."
"Tedim (Burmese: တီတိန်မြို့; Official name Tiddim) is a town and seat of Tedim Township in Chin State in the northwestern part of Burma. The name  ""Tedim"" was derived from a pool on the top of the hills that used to be twinkling under sun's light, therefore, called ""te (bright, shine)"" and ""dim (twinkling, sparkling)"" in local Zomi language. There are four major parts or divisions in Tedim (inside Tedim town) such as Sakollam, Myoma, Lawibual and Leilum. It is the largest population in Chin State.They are known as Zomi"
"Tegucigalpa (Spanish pronunciation: [teɣusiˈɣalpa], formally Tegucigalpa, Municipality of the Central District  Spanish:  Tegucigalpa, Municipio del Distrito Central  or  Tegucigalpa, M.D.C.), commonly referred to as Tegus, is the capital of Honduras and seat of government of the Republic, along with its twin sister Comayagüela.Claimed on September 29, 1578 by the Spaniards, it became the country's capital on October 30, 1880 under President Marco Aurelio Soto.  The current Constitution of Honduras, enacted in 1982, names the sister cities of Tegucigalpa and Comayagüela as a Central District to serve as the permanent national capital, under articles 8 and 295.During the short-lived Constitution of the Republic of Central America of 1821, Tegucigalpa served as a Federal District and capital of the then-newly formed united nation: the states of El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.  After this failed attempt to maintain a Central American republic, Honduras returned to become an individual sovereign nation and on January 30, 1937, Article 179 of the 1936 Honduran Constitution was reformed under Decree 53 to establish Tegucigalpa and Comayagüela as a Central District.Tegucigalpa is located in the southern-central highland region of Honduras in the department of Francisco Morazán of which it is also the departmental capital.  It is situated in a valley, surrounded by mountains. Tegucigalpa and Comayagüela, being sister cities, are physically separated by the Choluteca River.  The Central District is the largest of the 28 municipalities in the Francisco Morazán department.Tegucigalpa is Honduras' largest and most populous city as well as the nation's political and administrative center.  Tegucigalpa is host to 25 foreign embassies and 16 consulates in addition to being the home base of several state-owned entities such as ENEE and Hondutel, the national energy and telecommunications companies, respectively.  The city is also home to the country's most important university, the National Autonomous University of Honduras, as well as the national soccer team.  The capital's international airport, Toncontín, is notorious around the world for its extremely short runway for an international airport and the unusual maneuvers pilots must undertake upon landing or taking off to avoid the nearby mountains.The Central District Mayor's Office (Alcaldia Municipal del Distrito Central) is the city's governing body,  headed by a mayor and 10 aldermen forming the Municipal Corporation (Corporación Municipal).  Being the department's seat as well, the governor's office of Francisco Morazán is also located in the capital.  In 2008, the city operated on an approved budget of 1.555 billion lempiras (US$82,189,029).  In 2009, the city government reported a revenue of 1.955 billion lempiras (US$103,512,220), more than any other capital city in Central America except Panama City.Tegucigalpa's infrastructure has not kept with the population growth.  Deficient urban planning, densely condensed urbanization, and poverty are ongoing problems.  Heavily congested roadways where current road infrastructure is unable to efficiently handle over 400,000 vehicles create havoc on a daily basis.  Both current national and local governments have taken approaches at improving or increasing infrastructure as well as to reducing poverty in the city."
"Tehran (About this sound pronunciation ) (Persian: تهران - Tehrān‎) is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province. With a population of around 8.3 million and surpassing 15 million in the wider metropolitan area, Tehran is Iran's largest city and urban area, and the largest city in Western Asia. Until 1796, Tehran was an unimportant village. In 1796, Agha Mohammed Khan chose Tehran as Iran's new capital. Throughout Iran's history, the capital has been moved many times, Tehran is the 32nd national capital of Iran. In pre-Islamic times, part of the area of present-day Tehran was occupied by Rey (which in the Avesta occurs in the form of Rhaga, now a part of the city of Tehran, which took over its role after the destruction of Rey by the Mongols in the early 13th century. In the 20th and 21st centuries, Tehran has been the subject of mass migration of people from all over Iran. The city is home to many historic mosques as well as several churches, synagogues and Zoroastrian fire temples. However, modern structures, notably Azadi Tower and the Milad Tower, have come to symbolise the city. Tehran is ranked 29th in the world by the population of its metropolitan area. Although a variety of unofficial languages are spoken, roughly 99% of the population understand and speak Persian.There are plans to relocate Iran's capital from Tehran to another area because Tehran is prone to earthquakes. The majority of the inhabitants of the city are Persian speakers, but there are also populations of Lurs, Kurds, Azarbaijanis, and Northern Iranians (Shomali). The majority of people in Tehran identify themselves as Persians."
"Tena, the capital of the Napo Province, is a city in the Amazon rainforest. Known as the “cinnamon capital"" of Ecuador, and originally founded by missionary explorers, Tena has emerged as a major commercial center of Ecuador. It is  home to a regional hospital and many tourist related businesses, including a small airport and a vital bus terminal.Tena is a popular launching point for jungle, kayaking and rafting tours in Ecuador's Amazon rainforest region. The entry to the city is marked by a statue of the indigenous hero Jumandy, who led an uprising against the Spanish colonizers in 1578 and was subsequently executed.At the confluence of the Tena and Pano rivers in the center of town lies a popular pedestrian bridge, ""el puente peatonal"". The rivers become the Tena River, which soon joins with the Misahualli and eventually flows into the Napo River. The Napo winds its way south into Peru, and is in effect the 9th largest tributary to the Amazon River. The town is popular with tourists. Many inexpensive hotels, tourist agencies, and restaurants cater to backpackers who commonly use the town as a jumping-off point for trips into the rainforest. Tena is surrounded by forested hills and is located at the edge of the Andes, which are visible to the west. Tena and its surrounding indigenous communities are also bases for many volunteers working for reforestation projects, with community support in development initiatives in diverse, and connected areas such as, ecotourism and capacity building. The indigenous populations of Ecuador are some of the most politically organized in Latin America, and Tena houses two major confederations, Fonakin (Federación de Organizaciones de la Nacionalidad Kichwa de Napo) and Ashin (Asociación de Shamanes Indígenas de Napo); one of the major stand-offs during the 2001 indigenous uprising in Ecuador, took place here.Oil prospecting is a point of contention here, as there is drilling of the 250-square-mile (650 km2) Pungarayacu heavy oil field by Canadian corporation Ivanhoe."
"Tepic (About this sound te'pik ) is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Nayarit.It is located in the central part of the state, at 21°30′30″N 104°53′35″W.It stands at an altitude of 915 metres (3,002 ft) above sea level, on the banks of the Río Mololoa and the Río Tepic, approximately 225 kilometres (140 mi) north-west of Guadalajara, Jalisco. Nearby are the extinct Sangangüey volcano and its crater lake. Tepic is the primary urban center of this rich agricultural region; major crops include sugarcane, tobacco and citrus fruits.The city was founded in 1542. In the 2005 census, it reported a population of 295,204. Its surrounding municipality of the same name had a population of 336,403. The municipality has an area of 1,983.3 km2 (765.8 sq mi).It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tepic."
"Teresina is the capital and most populous municipality in the Brazilian state of Piauí. Being  located in North-central Piauí 366 km from the coast, it  is the only capital in the Brazilian Northeast that is not located on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean.  With 814,439 inhabitants, Teresina is the 19th largest city in Brazil, and the 15th largest state capital in the country. Together with Timon in the nearby state of Maranhão, it forms a conurbation with a population of about 953,172 inhabitants; the entire metropolitan region of Teresina has over 1,135,920 inhabitants. The only natural barrier that separates Teresina from Timon is the Parnaíba river, one of the largest in the Northeast.Teresina is the second capital with the best quality of life in the North-Northeast according to FIRJAN. According to IPEA it is the third safest capital of Brazil (second only to Natal, and Palmas).Its motto is the Latin phrase Omnia in Charitatis, which means, in English, ""All for charity"".  The city is the birthplace of, among the others, Torquato Neto, who belonged to the Tropicalismo movement.Teresina was founded on August 16, 1852 under the name of Vila Nova do Poty (because its origin is linked to the Poti river) as the capital of the state of Piauí. It was the first planned city in the country and the only northeast capital located out of the coast.Until 1852, Oeiras was the capital of the Piauí Capitany, however due to difficulties in Communication and Trade, the capital was transferred to an area next to the Parnaíba River, to the other cities and to the sea coast. The colonization of the place where Teresina is now located dates back to the 18th century.      The  chosen place was a small community of fishermen, in 1760, nearby Poty and Panaíba rivers. Then the small fishermen dwelling grew up  and became a village, which was called “Vila do Poty”, but, due to the inundation of the Parnaíba River riverbanks, the city had to be built in a higher position. In the 19th century, it was initially called ""Vila Nova do Poty"", but later the city was renamed Teresina, in honor of the Empress Teresa Cristina, the wife of the Emperor of Brazil, Pedro II.Teresina is the hottest city in the country and the third city with the major incidence of lightning in the world. Nowadays, Teresina’s economy is based on international manufacturing industries and trade."
"Ternate is an island in the Maluku Islands (Moluccas) of eastern Indonesia. It was the center of the powerful former Sultanate of Ternate. It is off the west coast of the larger island of Halmahera. The city has a population of just under 200,000 on some 111.39 km2.Like its neighbouring island, Tidore, Ternate is a visually dramatic cone-shape. The two are ancient Islamic sultanates with a long history of bitter rivalry. The islands were once the world's single major producer of cloves, a commodity that allowed their sultans to become amongst the wealthiest and most powerful of all sultans in the Indonesian region. In the precolonial era, Ternate was the dominant political and economic power over most of the ""Spice Islands"" of Maluku.Today, Ternate City is the largest town in the province of North Maluku, within which the island constitutes a municipality (kotamadya). It is, however, no longer the provincial capital, a title now held by the town of Sofifi on Halmahera.The ""Ternate Essay"" was a pioneering account of evolution by natural selection written on the island by Alfred Russel Wallace in 1858 and famously sent to Charles Darwin. Darwin at once responded by publishing Wallace's essay alongside his own accounts of the theory."
"Tete is the capital city of Tete Province in Mozambique.  It is located on the Zambezi River, and is the site of one of only three bridges across the river in the entire country.  A Swahili trade center before the Portuguese colonial era, Tete continues to dominate the west-central part of the country and region, and is the largest city on the Zambezi. Tete is a word for ""reed."""
"Thabaung (Burmese: သာပေါင်းမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Thabaung Township in the Pathein District."
"Thabeikkyin is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar. It is alleged by the Democratic Voice of Burma that a secret nuclear facility is located there. [1]"
"Thakhek (Lao language: ທ່າແຂກ) is a town in south-central Laos on the Mekong River and facing Nakhon Phanom across the river in northeastern Thailand. It is the capital of Khammouane Province.The city has many French colonial style official buildings, villas and shops.  Western scientists first encountered the Laotian rock rat - kha-nyou (Laonastes aenigmamus) in Thakhek's market. Remnants of the abortive Thakhek - Tan Ap railway can be seen in and near the town. The railway would have run between Thakhek and Tân Ấp Railway Station, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam through the Mụ Giạ Pass.Construction of the Third Thai–Lao Friendship Bridge, linking Thakhek to Nakhon Phanom, started in 2009 and was commemorated on 11/11/11.The population is 85,000 people according to 2012 census data."
"Thanatpin is a town in Thanatpin Township, Bago District, Bago Region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Thanatpin Township."
"Thanbyuzayat (Burmese: သံဖြူဇရပ်မြို့; Mon: ဇြပ်ဗု Tin Shelter) is a town in the Mon State of southeastern Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative center for Thanbyuzayat Township.  Thanbyuzayat is about 64 kilometres (40 mi) south of Mawlamyine (Moulmein) and 24 kilometres (15 mi) miles south-east of Kyaikkami (Amherst).During World War II Thanbyuzayat was the western terminus of the Thailand–Burma Railway linking up with the pre-war coastal railway between Ye and Rangoon. Thanbyuzayat was also the site of a Japanese Prisoner of war camp for the prisoners who worked on building the railway, and over 3,000 Allied servicemen are buried there in the Thanbyuzayat War Cemetery.  Today a clock tower stands at the central road junction with roads headed north to Mawlamyine, south to Ye, and west to Kyaikkami and Setse."
"Thandwe (Burmese: သံတွဲမြို့; MLCTS: samtwai: mrui. [θàɴdwɛ́ mjo̰]; formerly Sandoway) is a town and major seaport in Rakhine State, the westernmost part of Myanmar. Thandwe is very ancient, and is said to have been at one time the capital of Rakhine State, then called Arakan.  The district has an area of 3,784 square miles (9,800 km2).  The country is mountainous, the Arakan Mountains sending out spurs which reach the coast. Some of the peaks in the north attain 4,000 and more ft.  The streams are only mountain torrents to within a few miles of the coast; the mouth of the Khwa forms a good anchorage for vessels of from 9 to 10 ft (3.0 m). draught.  The rocks in the Arakan Range and its spurs are metamorphic, and comprise clay, slates, ironstone and indurated sandstone; towards the south, ironstone, trap and rocks of basaltic character are common; veins of steatite and white fibrous quartz are also found.  Between 1961 and 1990, the mean annual rainfall was 5,323 millimetres (209.6 in). Except a few acres of tobacco, all the cultivation is rice."
"Thaton (Burmese: သထုံမြို့; MLCTS: sa. htum mrui.;  Mon: သဓီု, [kəthɜ̀m]) is a town in Mon State, in southern Myanmar on the Tenasserim plains. Thaton lies along the National Highway 8 and is also connected by the National Road 85."
"Thayet or Thayetmyo (Thayet City Burmese: သရက်မြို့; MLCTS: sarak mrui.; pronounced [θəjɛʔ mjo̰]) is a city in Thayet District of Magway Region in central Burma (Myanmar). It is a port on the right (western) bank of the Irrawaddy River, across and just south of Allanmyo, between Pyay (Prome) and Magway.  Thayet is the administrative seat of both Thayet District and Thayet Township. As of 2010, the population was estimated at 108,000.In the 1960s limestone quarries a few miles south of Thayetmyo were developed to supply the town's cement factory."
"Thessaloniki (Greek: Θεσσαλονίκη [θesaloˈnici] (13px )), also known as Thessalonica or Salonica, is the second-largest city in Greece and the capital of Greek Macedonia, the administrative region of Central Macedonia and the Decentralized Administration of Macedonia and Thrace. Its honorific title is Συμπρωτεύουσα (Symprotévousa), literally ""co-capital"", and stands as a reference to its historical status as the Συμβασιλεύουσα (Symvasilévousa) or ""co-reigning"" city of the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire, alongside Constantinople.According to the preliminary results of the 2011 census, the municipality of Thessaloniki today has a population of 322,240, while the Thessaloniki Urban Area (the contiguous built up area forming the ""City of Thessaloniki"") has a population of 790,824. Furthermore, the Thessaloniki Metropolitan Area extends over an area of 1,455.62 km2 (562.02 sq mi) and its population in 2011 reached a total of 1,104,460 inhabitants.Thessaloniki is Greece's second major economic, industrial, commercial and political centre, and a major transportation hub for the rest of southeastern Europe; its commercial port is also of great importance for Greece and the southeastern European hinterland. The city is renowned for its festivals, events and vibrant cultural life in general, and is considered to be Greece's cultural capital. Events such as the Thessaloniki International Trade Fair and the Thessaloniki International Film Festival are held annually, while the city also hosts the largest bi-annual meeting of the Greek diaspora. Thessaloniki is the 2014 European Youth Capital.Founded in 315 BC by Cassander of Macedon, Thessaloniki's history spans some 2,300 years. An important metropolis by the Roman period, Thessaloniki was the second largest and wealthiest city of the Byzantine Empire. Thessaloniki is home to numerous notable Byzantine monuments, including the Paleochristian and Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, as well as several Roman, Ottoman and Sephardic Jewish structures. The city's main university, Aristotle University, is the largest in Greece and the Balkans.Thessaloniki is a popular tourist destination in Greece. In 2010, Lonely Planet ranked Thessaloniki as the world's fifth-best party city worldwide, comparable to other cities such as Dubai and Montreal. For 2013 National Geographic Magazine included Thessaloniki in its top tourist destinations worldwide, while in 2014 Financial Times FDI magazine (Foreign Direct Investments) declared Thessaloniki as the best mid-sized European city of the future for human capital and lifestyle."
"Thimphu (/tɪmˈpuː/; Tibetan alphabet: ཐིམ་ཕུག་ [tʰimpʰu], Dzongkha: ཐིམ་ཕུ་), also in the past spelled as Thimpu, is the capital and largest city of Bhutan. It is situated in the western central part of Bhutan and the surrounding valley is one of Bhutan's  dzongkhags, the Thimphu District. The city became the capital of Bhutan in 1961. As of 2005 it had a population of 79,185, with 98,676 people living in the entire Thimphu district.The city is spread out longitudinally in a north-south direction on the west bank of the valley formed by the Wang Chuu, also known as the Thimphu Chuu River. Thimphu is located at 27°28′00″N 89°38′30″E and is spread over an altitudinal range between 2,248 metres (7,375 ft) and 2,648 metres (8,688 ft). Unusually for a capital city, Thimphu is not served by an airport, but relies on the airport at Paro, connected by road some 54 kilometres (34 mi) away.Thimphu, as the political and economic center of Bhutan, has a dominant agricultural and livestock base, which contributes to 45% of the country's GNP. Tourism, though a contributor to the economy, is strictly regulated, maintaining a balance between the traditional, development and modernization. Thimphu contains most of the important political buildings in Bhutan, including the National Assembly of the newly formed parliamentary democracy and Dechencholing Palace, the official residence of the King, located to the north of the city. As a metropolis and capital city, Thimphu is coordinated by the ""Thimphu Structure Plan"", an Urban Development Plan which evolved in 1998 with the objective of protecting the fragile ecology of the valley. This development is ongoing with financial assistance  from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank.The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in Thimphu in respect of literature, religion, customs, and national dress code, the monastic practices of the monasteries, music, dance, literature and in the media. Tsechu festival is an important festival when mask dances, popularly known as Cham dances, are performed in the courtyards of the Tashichhoe Dzong in Thimphu. It is a four-day festival held every year during Autumn (September/October), on dates corresponding to the Bhutanese calendar."
"Tidjikja (Arabic: تجكجة‎) is the capital of the Tagant region of central Mauritania, lying on the Tagant plateau.  Founded in 1680, it has a population of around 6,000 people.The town is known for its palm trees and its vernacular architecture.  The town is also home to an airport.Nearby towns and villages include Moudjeria (65.8 nm), Ksar el Barka (46.4 nm), Rachid (21.3 nm), Ksar el Khali (143.4 nm), Ouadane (143.4 nm), Boumdeit (67.1 nm) and Serotandi (46.0 nm)."
"Tikrit (Arabic: تكريت‎ Tikrīt also transliterated as Takrit or Tekrit, Classical Syriac: ܬܓܪܝܬ Tagriṯ) is a city in Iraq, located 140 km northwest of Baghdad on the Tigris River (at 34.61°N, 43.68°E). The town, with an estimated population in 2002 of about 260,000 is the administrative center of the Salah ad Din Governorate."
"Tilin, Tilim or Htilin (Burmese: ထီးလင်းမြို့, Burmese pronunciation: [tʰílɪ́ɴ mjo̰]) is a town in Gangaw District in the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat for Tilin Township."
"Timbuktu (/ˌtɪmbʌkˈtuː/; French: Tombouctou [tɔ̃buktu]; Koyra Chiini: Tumbutu), formerly also spelled Timbuctoo and Timbuktoo, is a city in the West African nation of Mali situated 20 km (12 mi) north of the River Niger on the southern edge of the Sahara Desert. The town is the capital of the Timbuktu Region, one of the eight administrative regions of Mali. It had a population of 54,453 in the 2009 census.Starting out as a seasonal settlement, Timbuktu became a permanent settlement early in the 12th century. After a shift in trading routes, Timbuktu flourished from the trade in salt, gold, ivory and slaves. It became part of the Mali Empire early in the 14th century. In the first half of the 15th century the Tuareg tribes took control of the city for a short period until the expanding Songhai Empire absorbed the city in 1468. A Moroccan army defeated the Songhai in 1591, and made Timbuktu, rather than Gao, their capital.The invaders established a new ruling class, the arma, who after 1612 became virtually independent of Morocco. However, the golden age of the city was over and it entered a long period of decline. Different tribes governed until the French took over in 1893, a situation that lasted until it became part of the current Republic of Mali in 1960. Presently, Timbuktu is impoverished and suffers from desertification.In its Golden Age, the town's numerous Islamic scholars and extensive trading network made possible an important book trade: together with the campuses of the Sankore Madrasah, an Islamic university, this established Timbuktu as a scholarly centre in Africa. Several notable historic writers, such as Shabeni and Leo Africanus, have described Timbuktu. These stories fueled speculation in Europe, where the city's reputation shifted from being extremely rich to being mysterious. This reputation overshadows the town itself in modern times, to the point where it is best known in Western culture as an expression for a distant or outlandish place.On 1 April 2012, one day after the capture of Gao, Timbuktu was captured from the Malian military by the Tuareg rebels of the MNLA and Ansar Dine. Five days later, the MNLA declared the region independent of Mali as the nation of Azawad.  The declared political entity was not recognized by any local nations or the international community and it collapsed three months later on 12 July.On 28 January 2013, French and Malian government troops began retaking Timbuktu from the Islamist rebels. The force of 1,000 French troops with 200 Malian soldiers retook Timbuktu without a fight. The Islamist groups had already fled north a few days earlier, having set fire to the Ahmed Baba Institute, which housed many important manuscripts. The building housing the Ahmed Baba Institute was funded by South Africa, and held 30,000 manuscripts.  BBC World Service radio news reported on 29 January 2013 that approximately 28,000 of the manuscripts in the Institute had been removed to safety from the premises before the attack by the Islamist groups, and that the whereabouts of about 2,000 manuscripts remained unknown.  It was intended to be a resource for Islamic research.On 30 March, jihadist rebels infiltrated into Timbuktu just nine days prior to a suicide bombing on a Malian army checkpoint at the international airport killing a soldier. Fighting lasted until 1 April, when French warplanes helped Malian ground forces chase the remaining rebels out of the city center."
"Tlaxcala, officially Tlaxcala de Xicohténcatl (Spanish pronunciation: [tla(k)sˈkala ðe xikoˈteŋkatl(e)], Nahuatl: Tlaxcallān Xīcohtēncatl /tɬaʃˈkalːaːn ʃiːkoʔˈteːŋkatɬ/), is the capital city of the Mexican state of Tlaxcala and seat of the municipality of the same name.  The city did not exist during the pre Hispanic period but was laid out by the Spanish as a center of evangelization and governance after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire. It was designated as a diocese but eventually lost this status to Puebla as its population declined. The city still has many of its old colonial structures including the former Franciscan monastery, as well as newer civic structures such as the Xicohténcatl Theater."
"Toamasina [toˈmasinə̥], meaning ""like salt"" or ""salty"", unofficially and in French also Tamatave, is the capital of the Atsinanana region on the east coast of Madagascar on the Indian Ocean. The city is the chief seaport of the country, situated 215 km (134 mi) northeast of its capital and biggest city Antananarivo, near the centre of the eastern coast at 18 10 S, 49 32 E. According to the 2001 census, Toamasina had a population of 179,045. The city is served by Toamasina Airport."
"Tokyo (東京, Tōkyō, ""Eastern Capital"") (Japanese: [toːkʲoː] (13px ), English /ˈtoʊki.oʊ/), officially Tokyo Metropolis (東京都, Tōkyō-to), is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan. Tokyo is the capital of Japan, the center of the Greater Tokyo Area, and the most populous metropolitan area in the world. It is the seat of the Emperor of Japan and the Japanese government. Tokyo is in the Kantō region on the southeastern side of the main island Honshu and includes the Izu Islands and Ogasawara Islands. Formerly known as Edo it has been the de facto seat of government since 1603 when Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu made the city his headquarter but only became the capital and was renamed Tokyo after Emperor Meiji moved his seat to the city from the old capital of Kyoto in 1868. Tokyo Metropolis was formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture (東京府, Tōkyō-fu) and the city of Tokyo (東京市, Tōkyō-shi).Tokyo is often referred to and thought of as a city, but is officially known and governed as a ""metropolitan prefecture"", which differs from and combines elements of both a city and a prefecture; a characteristic unique to Tokyo. The Tokyo metropolitan government administers the 23 Special Wards of Tokyo (each governed as an individual city), which cover the area that was formerly the City of Tokyo before it merged and became the subsequent metropolitan prefecture in 1943. The metropolitan government also administers 39  municipalities in the western part of the prefecture and the two outlying island chains. The population of the special wards is over 9 million people, with the total population of the prefecture exceeding 13 million. The prefecture is part of the world's most populous metropolitan area with upwards of 37.8 million people and the world's largest urban agglomeration economy. The city hosts 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies, the highest number of any city. The city is also home of various television networks like Fuji TV and the Tokyo Broadcasting System.The city is considered an alpha+ world city—as listed by the GaWC's 2008 inventory—and in 2014, Tokyo was ranked first in the ""Best overall experience"" category of TripAdvisor's World City Survey (the city also ranked first in the following categories: ""Helpfulness of locals"", ""Nightlife"", ""Shopping"", ""Local public transportation"" and ""Cleanliness of streets""). In 2013, Tokyo was named the third most expensive city for expatriates, according to the Mercer consulting firm, and the world's most expensive city, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit's cost-of-living survey. In 2009 Tokyo was named the third Most Liveable City by the magazine Monocle. The Michelin Guide has awarded Tokyo by far the most Michelin stars of any city in the world."
"Toledo (Spanish: [toˈleðo]) is a municipality located in central Spain, 70 km south of Madrid. It is the capital of the province of Toledo and the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986 for its extensive cultural and monumental heritage and historical co-existence of Christian, Muslim and Jewish cultures.Toledo is known as the ""Imperial City"" for having been the main venue of the court of Charles I, and as the ""City of the Three Cultures"", having been influenced by a historical co-existence of Christians, Muslims and Jews. In 1085, the city fell to Alfonso VI of Castile as the first major city in the Christian Reconquista. Toledo has a history in the production of bladed weapons, which are now popular souvenirs of the city.People who were born or have lived in Toledo include Al-Zarqali, Garcilaso de la Vega, Eleanor of Toledo, Alfonso X and El Greco. It was also the place of important historic events such as the Visigothic Councils of Toledo. As of 2012, the city has a population of 84,019 and an area of 232.1 km2 (89.6 sq mi)."
"Toliara (also known as Toliary, [tuliˈar]; formerly  Tuléar) is a city in Madagascar.It is the capital of the Atsimo-Andrefana region, located 936 km south-west 'of Antananarivo.The current spelling(s) of the name was adopted in the 1970s, and reflects the orthography of the Malagasy language. Many geographic place names were similarly altered in this time from their previous French spellings following Malagasy independence in 1960.The city has a population of 148,500.  As a port town it acts as a major import/export hub for commodities such as sisal, soap, hemp, cotton, rice, and peanuts.Air Madagascar operates scheduled flights to here."
"Toronto (/tɵˈrɒntoʊ/, local /ˈtrɒnoʊ/) is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario. It is located in Southern Ontario on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario, with the original city area lying between the Don and Humber rivers. According to the 2011 Census, the city had 2,615,060 residents while its census metropolitan area (CMA), which comprises the majority of the Greater Toronto Area, had a population of 5,583,064.The history of Toronto began in the late 18th century when the British Crown purchased its land from the Mississaugas of the New Credit. The settlement established there became York, which lieutenant governor John Graves Simcoe designated as the capital of Upper Canada. The city was ransacked in the Battle of York during the War of 1812. In 1834, York became a city and renamed to Toronto. It was damaged in two huge fires in 1849 and 1904. Since 1954, the city occasionally expanded its borders through amalgamation with surrounding municipalities, most recently occurring in 1998. This process has left Toronto with clearly defined neighbourhoods that have retained their distinctive nature, earning it the nickname the ""City of Neighbourhoods"".Toronto is at the heart of the Greater Toronto Area, and of the densely populated region in Southern Ontario known as the Golden Horseshoe. Its cosmopolitan and international population reflects its role as an important destination for immigrants to Canada. Toronto is one of the world's most diverse cities by percentage of non-native-born residents, with about 49% of the population born outside Canada.As Canada's commercial capital, it is home to the Toronto Stock Exchange and the headquarters of Canada's five largest banks. Leading economic sectors in the city include finance, business services, telecommunications, aerospace, transportation, media, arts, publishing, software production, medical research, education, tourism, and engineering. Toronto is considered an alpha world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network and is placed among the Global Leaders in the Global Financial Centres Index. The city is also consistently rated as one of the world's most liveable cities by the Economist Intelligence Unit and the Mercer Quality of Living Survey."
"Trincomalee (Tamil: திருகோணமலை Tirukōṇamalai, Sinhala: ත්‍රිකුණාමළය Trikuṇāmalaya) is the administrative headquarters of the Trincomalee District and major resort port city of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Located on the east coast of the island overlooking the Trincomalee Harbour, 113 miles south of Jaffna and 69 miles north of Batticaloa, Trincomalee has been one of the main centres of Tamil language speaking culture on the island for over two millennia. With a population of 99,135, the city is built on a peninsula of the same name, which divides its inner and outer harbours. People from Trincomalee are known as Trincomalians and the local authority is Trincomalee Urban Council. Trincomalee city is home to the famous Koneswaram temple alluded to in its historic Tamil name Thirukonamalai and is home to other historical monuments such as the Bhadrakali Amman Temple, Trincomalee, the Trincomalee Hindu Cultural Hall and, opened in 1897, the Trincomalee Hindu College. Trincomalee is also the site of the Trincomalee railway station and an ancient ferry service to Jaffna and the south side of the harbour at Muttur.The recorded history of Trincomalee spans more than two and a half thousand years beginning with civilian settlement associated with the Koneswaram temple in the pre-modern era. One of the oldest cities in Asia, it has served as a major maritime seaport in the international trading history of the island with South East Asia. In the ancient world, it was successively the capital of eastern kingdoms of the Vanni country, developing under the Pallava Dynasty, Chola Dynasty, Pandyan Dynasty, the Vannimai chieftaincies and the Jaffna kingdom through the Koneswaram shrine's revenue. Trincomalee's urbanization continued when made into a fortified port town following the Portuguese conquest of the Jaffna kingdom, changing hands between the Danish in 1620, the Dutch, the French following a battle of the American Revolutionary War and the British in 1795, being absorbed into the British Ceylon state in 1815. The city's architecture shows some of the best examples of interaction between native and European styles. Attacked by the Japanese as part of the Indian Ocean raid during World War II in 1942, the city and district were affected after Sri Lanka gained independence in 1948, when the political relationship between Tamil and Sinhalese people deteriorated, erupting into civil war. It is home to major naval and air force bases at the Trincomalee Garrison. The city also has the largest Dutch fort on the island.The Trincomalee Bay Harbour, bridged by the Mahavilli Ganga River to the south is referred to as ""Gokarna"" in Sanskrit, meaning ""Cow's Ear"", akin to several areas of Siva worship across the Indian subcontinent. Its sacred status to the Hindus has led to the city being declared ""Dakshina-Then Kailasam"" or ""Mount Kailash of the South"" and the ""Rome of the Pagans of the Orient."" The harbour is renowned for its large size and security; unlike any other in the Indian Ocean, it is accessible in all weathers to all craft. It has been described as the ""finest harbour in the world"" and by the British, ""the most valuable colonial possession on the globe, as giving to our Indian Empire a security which it had not enjoyed from elsewhere.""  Popular tourist destinations include its beaches at Uppuveli, Salli and Nilaveli, used for temple visits, surfing, scuba diving, fishing and whale watching, and the Kanniya Hot Springs. Trincomalee is served by a campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka and has been the inspiration of both domestic and international poetry, films, music and literature for many centuries."
"Trondheim (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈtrɔnhæɪm]), historically  Kaupangen, Nidaros and Trondhjem, is a city and municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. With a population of 181,513 (October 1, 2013), it is the third most populous municipality in Norway, although the fourth largest urban area. It is also the third largest city in the country, with a population (2013) of 169,972 inhabitants within the city borders. The city functions as the administrative centre of Sør-Trøndelag county. Trondheim lies on the south shore of the Trondheimsfjord at the mouth of the river Nidelva. The city is dominated by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), SINTEF, St. Olavs University Hospital and other technology-oriented institutions.The settlement was founded in 997 as a trading post, and was the capital of Norway during the Viking Age until 1217. From 1152 to 1537, the city was the seat of the Archdiocese of Nidaros; since it has remained the seat of the Diocese of Nidaros and the Nidaros Cathedral. It was incorporated in 1838. The current municipality dates from 1964, when Trondheim merged with Byneset, Leinstrand, Strinda and Tiller."
"Tsiroanomandidy [tsiˌronʷmanˈdidʲ] is a city (commune urbaine) in central-western Madagascar, approximately 210 kilometres west of the capital Antananarivo.Tsiroanomandidy is the capital of Bongolava Region and of Tsiroanomandidy District and seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tsiroanomandidy."
"Tunis (Arabic: تونس‎ Tūnis, pronounced [ˈtuːnis]; Amazigh: Tunes, ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ) is the capital of Tunisia. It is Tunisia's largest city, with a population of 651,183 as of 2013. The greater metropolitan area holds some 2,300,000 inhabitants.Situated on a large Mediterranean Sea gulf (the Gulf of Tunis), behind the Lake of Tunis and the port of La Goulette (Halq al Wadi), the city extends along the coastal plain and the hills that surround it. At the centre of more modern development (from the colonial era and later) lies the old medina. Beyond this district lie the suburbs of Carthage, La Marsa, and Sidi Bou Said.Just through the Sea Gate (also known as the Bab el Bahr and the Porte de France) begins the modern city, or Ville Nouvelle, transversed by the grand Avenue Habib Bourguiba (often referred to by popular press and travel guides as ""the Tunisian Champs-Élysées""), where the colonial-era buildings provide a clear contrast to smaller, older structures. As the capital city of the country, Tunis is the focus of Tunisian political and administrative life; it is also the centre of the country's commercial activity. The expansion of the Tunisian economy in recent decades is reflected in the booming development of the outer city where one can see clearly the social challenges brought about by rapid modernization in Tunisia."
"Tunja (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈtuŋxa]) is a city located on the eastern range of the Colombian Andes, in the region known as the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, 130 km northeast of Bogotá. In 2012, it had an estimated population of 181.407 inhabitants.  It is the capital of Boyacá department and the Central Boyacá Province. Tunja is an important educational center of known universities. It was founded by the Spanish in 1539.Tunja is a tourist destination.  In addition to its religious and historical sites it is host to several internationally known festivals and is a jumping-off point for regional tourist destinations such as Villa de Leyva, Paipa, and Sierra Nevada del Cocuy.  It is also a stop on the Pan American Highway which connects Tunja to Bogota and Santa Marta and eventually to the Northern and Southernmost parts of the Americas."
"Turku (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈturku] (13px ); Swedish: Åbo [ˈoːbu] (13px )) is a city on the southwest coast of Finland at the mouth of the Aura River, in the region of Finland Proper. Turku, as a town, was settled during the 13th century and founded most likely at the end of the 13th century, making it the oldest city in Finland. It quickly became the most important city in Finland, a status it retained for hundreds of years. After Finland became part of the Russian Empire (1809) and the capital of the Grand Duchy of Finland was moved to Helsinki (1812), Turku continued to be the most populous city in Finland until the end of the 1840s, and it remains a regional capital and an important business and cultural centre.Because of its long history, it has been the site of many important events and has extensively influenced Finnish history. Along with Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia, Turku was designated the European Capital of Culture for 2011. In 1996 it was declared the official Christmas City of Finland.Due to its location, Turku is a notable commercial and passenger seaport with over three million passengers travelling through the Port of Turku each year to Stockholm and Mariehamn.As of 30 September 2014, the population of Turku was 183,811, making it the sixth largest city in Finland. As of 31 August 2008 there were 303,492 inhabitants living in the Turku sub-region, ranking it as the third largest urban area in Finland after the Greater Helsinki area and Tampere sub-region. The city is officially bilingual as 5.2 percent of its population identify Swedish as a mother-tongue."
"Tuscaloosa (/tʌskəˈluːsə/ TUSK-ə-LOO-sə) is a city in and the seat of Tuscaloosa County in west central Alabama (in the southeastern United States). Located on the Black Warrior River, it is the fifth-largest city in Alabama, with an estimated population of 95,334 in 2013. Founded in 1819, the city was named after Tuskaloosa, the chieftain of a Muskogean-speaking people who battled and was defeated by Hernando de Soto in 1540 in the Battle of Mabila, and served as Alabama's capital city from 1826 to 1846.Tuscaloosa is the regional center of industry, commerce, healthcare, and education for the area of west-central Alabama known as West Alabama. It is the principal city of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Tuscaloosa, Hale and Pickens counties and has an estimated metro population in 2013 of 235,628. Tuscaloosa is also the home of the University of Alabama, Stillman College and Shelton State Community College.  While the city attracted international attention when Mercedes-Benz announced it would build its first automotive assembly plant in North America in Tuscaloosa County, the University of Alabama remains the dominant economic and cultural engine in the city.Tuscaloosa has been traditionally known as the ""Druid City"" because of the numerous water oaks planted in its downtown streets since the 1840s. The city has also become well known nationally for the University of Alabama's success in sports, and particularly in football. City leaders adopted the moniker ""The City of Champions"" after the Alabama Crimson Tide football team won the BCS National Championship game in 2010, 2012, and again in 2013. In 2008, the City of Tuscaloosa hosted the USA Olympic Triathlon trials for the Beijing Games."
"Ulan Bator or Ulaanbaatar /ˌuːlɑːn ˈbɑːtər/  (Mongolian: Улаанбаатар, [ʊɮɑːŋ.bɑːtʰɑ̆r], Ulaγanbaγatur, literally ""Red Hero"") is the capital and the largest city of Mongolia. An independent municipality, the city is not part of any province, and its population as of 2014 is over 1.3 million.Located in north central Mongolia, the city lies at an elevation of about 1,310 metres (4,300 ft) in a valley on the Tuul River. It is the cultural, industrial, and financial heart of the country. It is the centre of Mongolia's road network, and is connected by rail to both the Trans-Siberian Railway in Russia and the Chinese railway system.The city was founded in 1639 as a movable (nomadic) Buddhist monastic centre. In 1778, it settled permanently at its present location, the junction of the Tuul and Selbe rivers. Before that, it changed location twenty-eight times, with each location being chosen ceremonially. In the twentieth century, Ulan Bator grew into a major manufacturing centre."
"Umuahia (pronounced [ʊmʊaːhiaː]) is the capital city of Abia State in southeastern Nigeria. Umuahia is located along the rail road that lies between Port Harcourt to Umuahia's south and Enugu city to its north. Umuahia has a population of 359,230 according to the 2006 Nigerian census. Umuahia's indigenous ethnic group are the Igbo.Umuahia is well known as being an agricultural market center since 1916. It is also a railway collecting point for crops such as yams, cassava, corn (maize), taro, citrus fruits, and palm oil and kernels. There are several breweries in Umuahia, and there is also a palm-oil-processing plant. Nigeria's National Root Crops Research Institute, at Umudike, is adjacent to the town. Umuahia also has several colleges including Trinity College (theological) and several hospitals. Umuahia comprises two local government areas: Umuahia North and Umuahia South. These local governments are also composed of clans such as the Umuopara, Ibeku, Olokoro, Ubakala and Ohuhu communities. Umuahia town is traditionally owned by the Ibeku after early British administrators based the town in their lands."
"Urmia (pronounced [oɾumiˈje] (13px )) (Persian: ارومیه‎, Azerbaijani:اورمیّه ,ﺍﻭﺭﻣﻮ , Urmiyə, Urmu; Kurdish:  Ûrmiye, Wirmê, or Urmê; Aramaic: ܐܘܪܡܝܐ‎; Armenian: Ուրմիա) or Urumiyeh, or Urumiah is a city in and the capital of West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. Urmia is situated at an altitude of 1,330 m above sea level, and is located along the Shahar Chay river (City River) on the Urmia Plain. Lake Urmia lies to the east of the city, with the mountainous Turkish border to the west.Urmia is the 10th most populated city in Iran. At the 2012 census, its population was 667,499 with 197,749 households. The city's inhabitants are predominantly Azeris, who live alongside minorities of Kurds, Assyrians, Jews and Armenians.The city is the trade center for a fertile agricultural region where fruit (especially apple and grape) and tobacco are grown. An important town by the 9th century, Urmia was seized by the Seljuk Turks (1184), and later occupied a number of times by the Ottoman Turks. Urmia was the seat of the first U.S. Christian mission in Iran (1835). Around AD 1900, Christians made up more than 40% of the city's population, however, most of the Christians fled in 1918 as a result of the Persian Campaign during World War I and the Armenian and Assyrian Genocides."
"Utena (About this sound pronunciation ) is a city in north-east Lithuania. It is the administrative center of Utena district and Utena County. Utena is one of the oldest settlements of Lithuania. The name of the city is most probably derived from a hydronym. The name of the settlement has been known since 1261.Utena is an industrial city. It is known for its clothing, food and beverage factories. In recent years, however, streets, public squares and large areas of the parks in the city were reconstructed and Utena is more attractive for recreation and tourism now. In 2007, Utena had won a Silver Award in category B (towns with a population 10,001 - 50,000) of the International Awards for Liveable Communities, held in London.Anniversary of Utena City used to be held the last weekend of September each year. However since year 2013 anniversary was moved to the first weekend of September due to better weather conditions."
"Uyo is a city in south-eastern Nigeria and is the capital of Akwa Ibom State, a major oil producing state of Nigeria. The city became the capital of Akwa Ibom State on September 23, 1987 following the creation of Akwa Ibom State from erstwhile Cross River State. The University of Uyo resides in this city. The population of Uyo, according to the 2006 Nigerian Census which comprises Uyo and Itu, is 436,606. while the urban Area, including Uruan, is 554,906."
"Vadodara,(ગુજરાતી: વડોદરા) also known as Baroda, is the third largest  city in the Indian State of Gujarat, after Ahmedabad and Surat.  It is the administrative headquarters of Vadodara District and is located on the banks of the Vishwamitri river, southeast of Ahmedabad, 139 kilometres (86 mi) from the state capital Gandhinagar. Both the railway line and national highway connecting Delhi and Mumbai pass through Vadodara.As of 2011 Vadodara had a population of almost 2 million people and is on the list of the top ten fastest developing cities of India. The city is the site of the Lakshmi Vilas Palace, once owned by the royal Gaekwad dynasty of the Marathas. It is also the home of the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda(Vadodara), the largest university in Gujarat. An important industrial, cultural and educational hub of western India, the city houses several institutions of national and regional importance while its major industries include petrochemicals, engineering, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, plastics, IT and foreign exchange services amongst others."
"Valencia (/vəˈlɛnsiə/, Spanish: [baˈlenθja]), or València (Valencian: [vaˈlensia]), is the capital of the autonomous community of Valencia and the third largest city in Spain after Madrid and Barcelona, with around 800,000 inhabitants in the administrative centre. Its urban area extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of around 1.5 million people. Valencia is Spain's third largest metropolitan area, with a population ranging from 1.7 to 2.5 million. The city has global city status. The Port of Valencia is the 5th busiest container port in Europe and busiest container port on the Mediterranean Sea.Valencia was founded as a Roman colony in 138 BC. The city is situated on the banks of the Turia, on the east coast of the Iberian Peninsula, fronting the Gulf of Valencia on the Mediterranean Sea. Its historic centre is one of the largest in Spain, with approximately 169 hectares; this heritage of ancient monuments, views and cultural attractions makes Valencia one of the country's most popular tourist destinations. Major monuments include Valencia Cathedral, the Torres de Serranos, the Torres de Quart, the Llotja de la Seda (declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996), and the Ciutat de les Arts i les Ciències (City of Arts and Sciences), an entertainment-based cultural and architectural complex designed by Santiago Calatrava and Félix Candela. The Museu de Belles Arts de València houses a large collection of paintings from the 14th to the 18th centuries, including works by Velázquez, El Greco, and Goya, as well as an important series of engravings by Piranesi. The Institut Valencià d'Art Modern (Valencian Institute of Modern Art) houses both permanent collections and temporary exhibitions of contemporary art and photography.Valencia is integrated into an industrial area on the Costa del Azahar (Orange Blossom Coast). Valencia's main festival is the Falles. The traditional Spanish dish, paella, originated in Valencia."
"Valledupar is a city and municipality in northeastern Colombia. It is the capital of Cesar Department and was founded in 1550 by the Spanish conquistador Hernando de Santana. Its name, Valle de Upar (Valley of Upar), was established in honor of the Amerindian cacique who ruled the valley; Cacique Upar. The city lies between the mountains of Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta and the Serranía del Perijá to the borders of the Guatapurí and Cesar rivers.Valledupar is an important agricultural, cattle raising, coal mining and agro-industrial center for the region between the Departments of Cesar and southern municipalities of La Guajira Department, formerly known as the Padilla Province. Valledupar is notable as the cradle of vallenato music, representative of the Colombian culture. The city hosts the Vallenato Legend Festival.During the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s, the city suffered during the Colombian Armed Conflict, with numerous kidnappings, thousands of people forced out and failure to control crime.Valledupar has one of Colombia's most modern maximum security prisons."
"Van (Armenian: Վան; Kurdish: Wan; Ottoman Turkish: فان) is a city in eastern Turkey's Van Province, located on the eastern shore of Lake Van. The city has a long history as a major urban area. It has been a large city since the first millennium BC, initially as the capital of Urartu in the 9th century BC and later as the center of the Armenian Kingdom of Vaspurakan. It remained an important center of Armenian culture until the Armenian Genocide of 1915. Today, Van has a Kurdish majority.In 2010 the official population figure for Van was 367,419, but many estimates put it much higher with a 1996 estimate stating 500,000 and former Mayor Burhan Yengun is quoted as saying it may be as high as 600,000. The Van Central district stretches over 2,289 square kilometres (884 square miles)"
"Varna (Bulgarian: Варна, pronounced [ˈvarnɐ]) is the largest city and seaside resort on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and the third largest city in Bulgaria. With approximately half a million inhabitants, it is the administrative centre of the homonymous province and Varna Municipality and the tenth-largest city in the Balkans. It is also the fourth largest city on the Black Sea.Often referred to as the marine (or summer) capital of Bulgaria, Varna is a major tourist destination, a starting point for all the resorts in the northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, business and university centre, seaport, and headquarters of the Bulgarian Navy and merchant marine. In April 2008, Varna was designated seat of the Black Sea Euro-Region (a new regional organization, not identical to the Black Sea Euroregion) by the Council of Europe.The Varna culture is a record holder, the oldest golden treasure in the world was discovered in Varna Necropolis, consisting of artifacts dating to 4750 BC."
"Veliko Tarnovo (Bulgarian: Велико Търново; ""Great Tǎrnovo"") Bulgarian pronunciation: [vɛˈliko ˈtɤ̞rnovo] is a city in north central Bulgaria and the administrative centre of Veliko Tarnovo Province.Often referred to as the ""City of the Tsars"", Veliko Tarnovo is located on the Yantra River and is famously known as the historical capital of the Second Bulgarian Empire, attracting many tourists with its unique architecture. The old part of the city is situated on the three hills Tsarevets, Trapezitsa, and Sveta Gora, rising amidst the meanders of the Yantra. On Tsarevets are the palaces of the Bulgarian emperors and the Patriarchate, the Patriarchal Cathedral, and also a number of administrative and residential edifices surrounded by thick walls.Trapezitsa is known for its many churches and as the former main residence of the nobility. During the Middle Ages, the city was among the main European centres of culture and gave its name to the architecture of the Tarnovo Artistic School, painting of the Tarnovo Artistic School, and to literature. Veliko Tarnovo is an important administrative, economic, educational, and cultural centre of Northern Bulgaria."
"Victoria is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Victoria County. The population was 86,793 as of the 2010 census. The three counties of the Victoria Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 111,163 as of the 2000 census.Victoria is located 30 miles inland from the Gulf of Mexico. The city is a regional hub for a seven-county area known as the ""Golden Crescent"", and serves a retail trade area of over 250,000 people. Victoria is known as ""The Crossroads"" because of its location within a two-hour drive of Corpus Christi, Houston, San Antonio, and Austin.Victoria is named for General Guadalupe Victoria, who became the first president of independent Mexico.  Victoria is the cathedral city of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Victoria in Texas."
"Vidin (Bulgarian: Видин, archaically spelled as Widdin in English) is a port town on the southern bank of the Danube in north-western Bulgaria. It is close to the borders with Romania and Serbia, and is also the administrative centre of Vidin Province, as well as of the Metropolitan of Vidin (since 870).An agricultural and trade centre, Vidin has a fertile hinterland renowned for its wines."
"Vienna  (/viːˈɛnə/; German: About this sound Wien  [viːn]) is the capital and largest city of Austria, and one of the nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's primary city, with a population of about 1.757 million (2.4 million within the metropolitan area, more than 20% of Austria's population), and its cultural, economic, and political centre. It is the 7th-largest city by population within city limits in the European Union. Until the beginning of the 20th century it was the largest German-speaking city in the world, and before the splitting of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in World War I the city had 2 million inhabitants. Today it is the second only to Berlin in German speakers. Vienna is host to many major international organizations, including the United Nations and OPEC. The city lies in the east of Austria and is close to the borders of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary. These regions work together in a European Centrope border region. Along with nearby Bratislava, Vienna forms a metropolitan region with 3 million inhabitants. In 2001, the city centre was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.Apart from being regarded as the City of Music because of its musical legacy, Vienna is also said to be ""The City of Dreams"" because it was home to the world's first psycho-analyst – Sigmund Freud. The city's roots lie in early Celtic and Roman settlements that transformed into a Medieval and Baroque city, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. It is well known for having played an essential role as a leading European music centre, from the great age of Viennese Classicism through the early part of the 20th century. The historic centre of Vienna is rich in architectural ensembles, including Baroque castles and gardens, and the late-19th-century Ringstrasse lined with grand buildings, monuments and parks.In a 2005 study of 127 world cities, the Economist Intelligence Unit ranked the city first (in a tie with Vancouver, Canada) for the world's most livable cities (in the 2012 survey of 140 cities Vienna was ranked number two, behind Melbourne). For four consecutive years (2009–2012), the human-resource-consulting firm Mercer ranked Vienna first in its annual ""Quality of Living"" survey of hundreds of cities around the world, a title the city has reclaimed in 2014. Monocle's 2012 ""Quality of Life Survey"" ranked Vienna fourth on a list of the top 25 cities in the world ""to make a base within"" (up from sixth in 2011 and eighth in 2010).The city was ranked 1st globally for its culture of innovation in 2007 and 2008, and fifth globally (out of 256 cities) in the 2011 Innovation Cities Index, which analyzed 162 indicators in covering three areas: culture, infrastructure, and markets. Vienna regularly hosts urban planning conferences and is often used as a case study by urban planners. Between 2005 and 2010, Vienna was the world's number one destination for international congresses and conventions. It attracts about five million tourists a year."
"Vilnius (Lithuanian pronunciation: [ˈvʲɪlʲnʲʊs] (13px ); see also other names) is the capital of Lithuania, and its largest city, with a population of 539,939 (806,308 together with Vilnius County) as of 2014. Vilnius is located in the southeast part of Lithuania and is the second biggest city of the Baltic states. Vilnius GDP was over 10 billion euros in 2014. Budget of Vilnius is planned to be almost 370 million euros in 2015.Vilnius is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality. It is also the capital of Vilnius County. The first known written record of Vilnius as the Lithuanian capital is known from Gediminas' letters in 1323.Vilnius is classified as a Gamma global city according to GaWC studies, and is known for its Old Town of beautiful architecture, declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994. Its Jewish influence until the 20th century has led to it being described as the ""Jerusalem of Lithuania"" and Napoleon named it ""the Jerusalem of the North"" as he was passing through in 1812. In the year 2009, Vilnius was the European Capital of Culture, together with the Austrian city of Linz."
"Vinh (About this sound listen) is a city in Vietnam. It is located in the northern half of the country, and is the capital of Nghệ An Province. Politically, Vinh is a municipality within Nghệ An Province. On September 5, 2008, it was upgraded from Grade-II city to Grade-I city, the fifth Grade-I city of Vietnam after Hai Phong, Đà Nẵng, Can Tho and Huế. It is the important city in the North Central Coastal region."
"Voinjama is a small city that serves as the capital of Lofa County, Liberia and is located in the hilly, far northern part of the country near the Guinean border. As of the 2008 national census, the population stood at 26,594.Before the Liberian civil war it was a busy crossroads town, with a large weekly market.  The population was principally from the Lorma and Mandingo tribes, with other ethnic groups from surrounding areas also present.  It boasted a number of schools, including the public Voinjama Multilateral High School, as well as Saint Joseph's Catholic school under the direction of Sister Joan Margaret Kelly, and private schools run by Swedish missionaries and other groups.  The Voinjama airport, outside of town on the road to Zorzor, featured a grass landing strip and flight service several times a week from Monrovia through the national carrier, Air Liberia.The city had an electric generating station (with power in the evening) and a water treatment plant that supplied running water for most of the town.  There were numerous general goods stores on the main road and a large parking station in the central plaza where one could catch a ride on a public car south to Zorzor, Gbarnga and Monrovia, west to Kolahun, Foya and Sierra Leone, or north to the Guinean border, four miles away.Voinjama featured numerous churches of many different denominations as well as a mosque situated in the predominantly Muslim area of town known as the Mandingo Quarter.  As capital of the county, it served as a government headquarters housing county officials and offices as well as being home to numerous international development projects, including the Lofa County Agricultural Development Project.  It is served by a number of US Peace Corps Volunteers (Tarnue and Akoi) and Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers.Subsistence rice farming was the principal occupation of most of the population.  The rice generally grown in Liberia is dryland rice, on ground cleared through slashing and burning of the abundant forest land, and not paddy rice as in other parts of the world. Other prominent crops grown in the Voinjama area were cassava, potato greens, collard greens, and palm nuts, from which the popular red palm oil was extracted.  ""Palm wine"" harvested from certain palm trees was also popular."
"Wa is a town and is the capital of Wa Municipal District and the Upper West Region of north Ghana. Wa has a 2012 settlement population of 102,446. Features of the town include several mosques, the Wa-Na Palace, a museum and a nearby hippopotamus sanctuary.  The geography of Wa is notable for the dramatic monadnock Ombo Mountain which is located around Kaleo and visible from much of the Wa township.The town serves as a transportation hub for the Upper West region, with major roads leading north to Hamile, and northeast to Tumu and the Upper East Region. There is also a small airport, the Wa Airport."
"Wabag is the capital of Enga Province, Papua New Guinea. It is the least populous provincial capital in the country. It is on the Lai River; the Highlands Highway passes through the town, between Mount Hagen and Porgera. Europeans first visited the site in 1938-39 A radio camp and airstrip were established in 1938-39 but restrictions on transportation and the surrounding land's infertility long inhibited Wabag's development."
"Waingmaw (Burmese: ဝိုင်းမော်မြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of Burma."
"Warsaw (Polish: Warszawa [varˈʂava] (13px ); see also other names), is the capital and largest city of Poland. It is located on the Vistula River, in east-central Poland, roughly 260 kilometres (160 mi) from the Baltic Sea and 300 kilometres (190 mi) from the Carpathian Mountains. Its population is estimated at 1.729 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents, which makes Warsaw the 9th most populous capital city in the European Union. The area of the city covers 516.9 square kilometres (199.6 sq mi), while the city's agglomeration covers 6,100.43 square kilometres (2,355.39 sq mi).In 2012 Warsaw was ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world by the Economist Intelligence Unit. It was also ranked as one of the most liveable cities in Central and Eastern Europe. Today Warsaw is considered an Alpha– global city, a major international tourist destination and a significant cultural, political and economic hub. Warsaw's economy, by a wide variety of industries, is characterised by FMCG manufacturing, metal processing, steel and electronic manufacturing and food processing. The city is a significant centre of research and development, BPO, ITO, as well as Polish media industry. The Warsaw Stock Exchange is one of the largest and most important in Central Europe. Frontex, the European Union agency for external border security, is headquartered in Warsaw. A unique feature of Warsaw is its number of skyscrapers and high-rise buildings in the city center which form the skyline. Warsaw is one of only a few cities in the European Union that have such a skyline, together with Frankfurt, London, Moscow and Paris.The first historical reference to Warsaw dates back to the year 1313, when initially Kraków served as the Polish capital city. Due to its central location between the Commonwealth's capitals of Kraków and Vilnius, Warsaw became the capital of the Commonwealth and the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland when King Sigismund III Vasa moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596. After the Third Partition of Poland in 1795, Warsaw was incorporated into the Kingdom of Prussia. In 1806 during the Napoleonic Wars, the city became the official capital of the Grand Duchy of Warsaw, a puppet state of the First French Empire created by Napoleon Bonaparte. With accordance to the decision of the Congress of Vienna, Warsaw in 1815 was annexed by the Russian Empire and became part of the ""Congress Kingdom"". Only in 1918 it regained independence from the foreign rule and emerged as a new capital of the independent Republic of Poland. Along with the German invasion in 1939, the massacre of the Jewish population and deportations to concentration camps led to the uprising in the Warsaw ghetto in 1943 and to a major and devastating Warsaw Uprising between August and October 1944. For this Warsaw gained the title of the ""phoenix city"" because it has survived so many wars, conflicts and invasions throughout its long history. Most notably, the city had to be painstakingly rebuilt after the extensive damage it suffered in World War II, during which 85% of its buildings were destroyed. On 9 November 1940 the city was awarded Poland's highest military decoration for heroism, the Virtuti Militari, during the Siege of Warsaw (1939).The city is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese (left bank) and diocese (right bank of the Vistula), and possesses various universities, most notably the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Warsaw University, an opera house, theatres, museums, libraries and monuments. The historic city centre of Warsaw with its picturesque Old Town in 1980 was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Other main architectural attractions include the Castle Square with the Royal Castle and the iconic King Sigismund's Column, St. John's Cathedral, Market Square, palaces, churches and mansions all displaying a richness of colour and architectural detail. Buildings are representatives of nearly every European architectural style and historical period. Warsaw has wonderful examples of architecture from the gothic, renaissance, baroque and neoclassical periods and around a quarter of the city is filled with grand parks and royal gardens."
"Wellington (/ˈwɛlɪŋtən/) is the capital city and second most populous urban area of New Zealand, with 393,600 residents. It is located at the south-western tip of the North Island, between Cook Strait and the Rimutaka Range. It is the major population centre of the southern North Island, and is the administrative centre of the Wellington Region, which also includes the Kapiti Coast and Wairarapa. Wellington is the world's southernmost capital city of a sovereign state.The Wellington urban area comprises four cities: Wellington city, on the peninsula between Cook Strait and Wellington Harbour, contains the central business district and about half the population; Porirua on Porirua Harbour to the north is notable for its large Māori and Pacific Island communities; Lower Hutt and Upper Hutt are largely suburban areas to the northeast, together known as the Hutt Valley.The 2014 Mercer Quality of Living Survey ranked Wellington 12th in the world. In 2011 Lonely Planet Best in Travel 2011 named Wellington as fourth in its Top 10 Cities to Visit in 2011, referring to it as the ""coolest little capital in the world""."
"Wetlet (Burmese: ဝတ်လတ်) is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division in Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat for Wetlet Township.  The town of Wetlet is located in the center of Wetlet Township, about halfway between the Mu River and the Irrawaddy. Wetlet is on the main Burmese north-south railroad between Sagaing and Shwebo."
"Windhoek (/ˈvɪnt.hʊk/ VINT-huuk; German: About this sound Windhuk ; Khoekhoe: ǀAiǁgams; Otjiherero: Otjomuise) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Namibia. It is located in central Namibia in the Khomas Highland plateau area, at around 1,700 metres (5,600 ft) above sea level. The population of Windhoek in 2012 was 322,500 and grows continually due to an influx from all over Namibia.The town developed at the site of a permanent spring known to the indigenous pastoral communities. It developed rapidly after Jonker Afrikaner, Captain of the Orlam settled here in 1840 and built a stone church for his community. However, in the decades thereafter multiple wars and hostilities led to the neglect and destruction of the new settlement such that Windhoek was founded a second time in 1890 by Imperial German army Major Curt von François.Windhoek is the social, economic, political, and cultural centre of the country. Nearly every Namibian national enterprise, governmental body, educational and cultural institution is headquartered there."
"Windsor is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. The population was 3,553 at the 2010 census."
"Wuhan (simplified Chinese: 武汉; traditional Chinese: 武漢; pinyin: Wǔhàn [wùhân] (13px )) is the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, and is the most populous city in Central China. It lies in the eastern Jianghan Plain at the intersection of the middle reaches of the Yangtze and Han rivers. Arising out of the conglomeration of three cities, Wuchang, Hankou, and Hanyang, Wuhan is known as ""the nine provinces' leading thoroughfare""; it is a major transportation hub, with dozens of railways, roads and expressways passing through the city. Because of its key role in domestic transportation, Wuhan was sometimes referred to as the ""Chicago of China.""Holding sub-provincial status, Wuhan is recognized as the political, economic, financial, cultural, educational and transportation center of central China. The city of Wuhan, first termed as such in 1927, has a population of 10,220,000 people (as of 2013). In the 1920s, Wuhan was the national capital of a leftist Kuomintang (KMT) government led by Wang Jingwei in opposition to Chiang Kai-shek, as well as wartime capital in 1937.At the 2010 census, its built-up (or metro) area made of 8 out of 10 urban districts (all but Xinzhou and Hannan not yet conurbated) was home to 8,821,658 inhabitants. It should be mentioned that Hanchuan City in Xiaogan and Huarong District in Ezhou are being conurbated as Wuhan grows."
"Wuntho is a town in Katha District, Sagaing Division, Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat of Wuntho Township.  While not the capital, it gave its name to the native state of Wuntho which was formally annexed to Burma by the British in 1892. Rail service from Mandalay was extended to Wuntho in 1893.On 30 December 1994, on the outskirts of Wuntho on the Bonkyaung bridge a Mandalay-Myitkyina passenger train derailed when its brakes failed and one passenger car plummeted into a ravine.  In all, 102 people were killed and 53 were seriously injured."
"Xai-Xai (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʃaj ˈʃaj]) is a city in the south of Mozambique.  Until 1975, the city was named João Belo. It is the capital of Gaza Province. As of 2007 it has a population of 116,343"
"Xi'an (Chinese: 西安), formerly romanized as Sian, is the capital of Shaanxi province, located in the northwest of the People's Republic of China, in the center of the Guanzhong Plain. One of the oldest cities in China, the city was known as Chang'an before the Ming dynasty. Xi'an is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China, having held the position under several of the most important dynasties in Chinese history, including Zhou, Qin, Han, Sui, and Tang. Xi'an is the starting point of the Silk Road and home to the Terracotta Army of Emperor Qin Shi Huang.Since the 1990s, as part of the economic revival of interior China especially for the central and northwest regions, the city of Xi'an has re-emerged as an important cultural, industrial and educational centre of the central-northwest region, with facilities for research and development, national security and China's space exploration program. Xi'an currently holds sub-provincial status, administering 9 districts and 4 counties. According to the 2010 Census, Xi'an has an urban population of 5,566,711 in its built-up area made of 7 out of 10 districts (all but Yanliang, Lintong and Gaoling not urbanized yet), while the total population of the Municipality is up to 8,467,837. It is the most populous city in Northwest China, as well as one of the three most populous cities in Western China. According to a July 2012 report by the Economist Intelligence Unit, it was recently named as one of the 13 emerging megacities, or megalopolises, in China. The report pinpoints and highlights the demographic and income trends that are shaping these cities' development."
"Xīníng (Chinese: 西宁; Standard Tibetan: ཟི་ལིང་།, Mongolian: ᠰᠢᠨᠢᠩ) is the capital of Qinghai province in western China, and the largest city on the Tibetan Plateau. It has 2,208,708 inhabitants at the 2010 census whom 1,198,304 live in the built up area made of 4 urban districts.The city was a commercial hub along the Northern Silk Road's Hexi Corridor for over 2000 years, and was a stronghold of the Han, Sui, Tang, and Song dynasties' resistance against nomadic attacks from the west. Although long a part of Gansu province, Xining was added to Qinghai in 1928. Xining holds sites of religious significance to Muslims and Buddhists, including the Dongguan Mosque and Ta'er Monastery. The city lies in the Huangshui River valley, and owing to its high altitude, has a cold semi-arid climate. It is connected by rail to Lhasa, Tibet and Lanzhou, Gansu."
"Xuchang (simplified Chinese: 许昌; traditional Chinese: 許昌; pinyin: Xǔchāng; Postal map spelling: Hsuchang) is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province in Central China. It borders the provincial capital of Zhengzhou to the northwest, Kaifeng to the northeast, Zhoukou to the east, Luohe to the southeast, and Pingdingshan to the southwest.Its population was 4,307,488 inhabitants at the final 2010 census whom 1,952,666 live in the built-up (or metro) area made up of Weidu district, Xuchang county and Changge City largely being urbanized.  In 2007, the city was named China's top ten livable cities by Chinese Cities Brand Value Report, which was released at 2007 Beijing Summit of China Cities Forum."
"Yambio (Arabic: يامبيو‎) is a city in South Sudan."
"Yamethin is a town in central Burma (Myanmar) in Yamethin District, Mandalay Region.  Yamethin provides a market and processing for local agriculture production of rice and beans, as well having a small textile industry, and serving as a railroad shipping point on the Rangoon (Yangon) – Mandalay line."
"The District of Yamoussoukro (/ˌjæmʊˈsuːkroʊ/) is the official political capital and administrative capital city of Côte d'Ivoire, while the economic capital of the country is Abidjan. As of 2010, it was estimated to have 242,744 inhabitants. Located 240 kilometers (150 mi) north-west of Abidjan, the administrative centre on the coast, upon rolling hills and plains, the municipality covers 3,500 square kilometers (1,400 sq mi) and is coterminous with the department of the same name. The department and municipality are split into four sub-prefectures: Attiégouakro, Didiévi, Tié-diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro. In total, the district contains 169 settlements.In 1998, the city had about 155,803 inhabitants. It is the fourth most populous city in Côte d'Ivoire, after Abidjan, Bouaké, and Daloa.The current governor of the district is Augustin Thiam.Yamoussoukro is pronounced ""Yam-So-Kro"" by Ivorians. It's possible to hear ""Ya-Mu-So-Kro""; the second ""U"" is silent."
"Yangon (Burmese: ရန်ကုန်; MLCTS: rankun mrui, pronounced: [jàɴɡòʊɴ mjo̰]; also known as Rangoon, literally: ""End of Strife"") is a former capital of Burma (Myanmar) and the capital of Yangon Region. Yangon is the country's largest city with a population of over five million, and is the most important commercial centre, although the military government officially relocated the capital to Naypyidaw in March 2006.Although Yangon's infrastructure is undeveloped compared to those of other major cities in Southeast Asia, it has the largest number of colonial buildings in the region today. While many high-rise residential and commercial buildings have been constructed or renovated throughout downtown and Greater Yangon in the past two decades, most satellite towns that ring the city continue to be deeply impoverished."
"Yaren, in earlier times Makwa/Moqua, is a district and constituency of the Pacific nation of Nauru. It is the de facto capital of Nauru.Yaren is located in the south of the island. Its area is 1.5 km2 (0.58 sq mi), and its population was 1,100 in 2003. To the north of Yaren is Buada, to the east is Meneng and to the west is Boe."
"Yazd (Persian: یزد‎ [jæzd] About this sound pronunciation ) is the capital of Yazd Province, Iran, and a centre of Zoroastrian culture. The city is located 270 km (170 mi) southeast of Isfahan. At the 2011 census, the population was 1,074,428 in 270٬575 families.Because of generations of adaptations to its desert surroundings, Yazd is an architecturally unique city. It is also known in Iran for the high quality of its handicrafts, especially silk weaving, and its confectionary."
"Ye (Burmese: ရေးမြို့, IPA: [jé mjo̰]; Mon: ဍုၚ်ရေဝ်) is a town in the southern end of Mon State, Myanmar (Burma). It is the principal town of Ye Township of Mawlamyine District. The town is located by the Ye River as it drains into the Gulf of Martaban, and is surrounded by Tenasserim Hills in the east. It has a warm, moderate weather. The town's economy is mainly based on betel nut, rubber, fishery production, and trade. Ye is on the Mawlamyaing-Dawei rail line, and has a seaport. The majority of the people are ethnic Mon people. Ye is a center of Mon language education.There was a flood in Aug 2011 after torrent of rain (12.6 inches in 1st Aug 2011). 2,000 houses were flooded and some schools and markets were closed because of it."
"Yedashe is a town in Taungoo District, Bago Region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Yedashe Township."
"Yenangyaung (Burmese: ရေနံချောင်း; literally ""stream of oil"") is a city in Magway Division, Myanmar, on the Irrawaddy River."
"Yerevan (/ˌjɛrəˈvɑːn/; Armenian: Երևան [jɛɾɛˈvɑn], About this sound listen ), is the capital and largest city of Armenia and one of the world's oldest continuously inhabited cities. Situated along the Hrazdan River, Yerevan is the administrative, cultural, and industrial center of the country. It has been the capital since 1918, the thirteenth in the history of Armenia, and the seventh located in or around the Ararat plain.The history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC, with the founding of the fortress of Erebuni in 782 BC by king Argishti I at the western extreme of the Ararat plain. Erebuni was ""designed as a great administrative and religious centre, a fully royal capital."" After World War I, Yerevan became the capital of the First Republic of Armenia as thousands of survivors of the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire settled in the area. The city expanded rapidly during the 20th century as Armenia became part of the Soviet Union. In a few decades, Yerevan was transformed from a provincial town within the Russian Empire, to Armenia's principal cultural, artistic, and industrial center, as well as becoming the seat of national government.With the growth of the economy of the country, Yerevan has been undergoing major transformation as many parts of the city have been the recipient of new construction since the early 2000s, and retail outlets such as restaurants, shops, and street cafes, which were rare during Soviet times, have multiplied.As of 2011, the population of Yerevan was 1,060,138, making up to 35.1% of the total population of Armenia.Yerevan was named the 2012 World Book Capital by UNESCO. Yerevan is an associate member of Eurocities."
"Yesagyo is a town in the Magway Division in Myanmar. It is situated on the Chindwin River, near the site where it flows into Irrawaddy River. It is the principal town and administrative seat of Yesagyo Township.The town is served by the Chaung-U to Pakokku railway."
"Yinchuan is the capital of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China, and former capital of the Western Xia Empire of the Tanguts. It has an area of 4,467 km (2,776 mi) and a total population of 1.99 million. Its built up area is home to 1,290,170 inhabitants spread on 3 urban districts. The name of the city literally means ""silver river""; the character for ""river"" (Chinese: 川; pinyin: chuān) is the same as that in Sichuan, but not as those in, for example, the Yellow River (simplified Chinese: 黄河; traditional Chinese: 黃河; pinyin: Huánghé) or Yangtze River (simplified Chinese: 长江; traditional Chinese: 長江; pinyin: Chángjiāng)."
"Yinmabin (Yin Mar Bin) is a town and seat of the Yinmabin Township in the Sagaing Division in central Myanmar some 100 kilometres west of Mandalay."
"Yogyakarta (/ˌjɒɡjəˈkɑrtə/ or /ˌjoʊɡjəˈkɑrtə/; also Jogja, Jogjakarta) is a city and the capital of Yogyakarta Special Region in Java, Indonesia. It is renowned as a center of education (Kota Pelajar), classical Javanese fine art and culture such as batik, ballet, drama, music, poetry, and puppet shows. Yogyakarta was the Indonesian capital during the Indonesian National Revolution from 1945 to 1949. One of the districts in Yogyakarta, Kotagede, was the capital of the Mataram Sultanate between 1575 and 1640. The city is named after the Indian city of Ayodhya from the Ramayana epic. Yogya means ""suitable, fit, proper"", and karta, ""prosperous, flourishing"" (i.e., ""a city that is fit to prosper"").The Dutch name of the city is Djokjakarta."
"Yola is the capital city and administrative center of Adamawa State, Nigeria. Located on the Benue River, it has a population of 336,648 (2010). Yola is split into two parts. The old town of Yola where the Lamido resides is the traditional city but the new city of Jimeta (about 5 km NW) is the administrative and commercial centre. Generally the term Yola is now used to mean both. To the north are the Mandara Mountains and the south are the Shebshi Mountains with Dimlang (Vogel) Peak the second highest point (2,042 m) in Nigeria after Chappal Waddi (mountain of death). Yola is an access point to the Gashaka Gumpti Nature Reserve, which is the largest national park in Nigeria, the Ngel Nyaki montane forest reserve, the Mambilla Plateau, The Sukur UNESCO World heritage site, which is Africa's first cultural landscape to receive World Heritage List inscription, The Yadin Waterfalls, The Kiri Dam on the Gongola River, The Benue national park in nearby Cameroon, The Waza National Park, and Cameroonian town of Garoua, which lies across the Border, on the Benue river."
"Yopal is a municipality and capital city of the department of Casanare in Colombia."
"York (Deitsch: Yarrick), known as the White Rose City (after the symbol of the House of York), is a city located in York County, Pennsylvania, United States, which is in the South Central region of the state. The population within the city limits was 43,718 at the 2010 census, which was a 7.0% increase from the 2000 count of 40,862. When combined with the adjacent boroughs of West York and North York and surrounding Spring Garden, West Manchester, and Springettsbury townships, the population of Greater York is 108,386.  York is the county seat of York County, and is located at 39°58′00″N 76°45′00″W. York is currently the 14th largest city in Pennsylvania."
"Zacatecas (Spanish pronunciation: [sakaˈtekas]) is a city and municipality in Mexico, and the capital and largest city of the state of Zacatecas.  Located in the north-central Mexico, the city had its start as a Spanish mining camp in the mid-16th century. Native Americans had already known about the area's rich deposits of silver and other minerals. Due to the wealth that the mines provided, Zacatecas quickly became one of the most important cities in New Spain, with much of its silver enriching the Spanish crown. The area saw battles during the turbulent 19th century, but the next major event was the Battle of Zacatecas during the Mexican Revolution when Francisco Villa captured the town, an event still celebrated every anniversary.  Today, the colonial part of the city is a World Heritage Site, due to the Baroque and other structures built during its mining days. Mining still remains an important industry. The name Zacatecas is derived from the Zacateco people and has its roots in Nahuatl. The name means ""people of the grasslands."""
"Zagreb (Croatian pronunciation: [zǎːɡreb]; names in other languages) is the capital and the largest city of the Republic of Croatia. It is located in the northwest of the country, along the Sava river, at the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountain. Zagreb lies at an elevation of approximately 122 m (400 ft) above sea level. In the last official census of 2011 the population of the City of Zagreb was 792,875. The wider Zagreb metropolitan area includes the City of Zagreb and the separate Zagreb County bringing the total metropolitan area population up to 1,110,517. It is the only metropolitan area in Croatia with a population of over one million.Zagreb is a city with a rich history dating from the Roman times to the present day. The oldest settlement in the urban area of the city is Andautonia, a Roman settlement in the place of today's Ščitarjevo. The name ""Zagreb"" is mentioned for the first time in 1094 at the founding of the Zagreb diocese of Kaptol, and Zagreb became a free royal town in 1242, whereas the origin of the name still remains a mystery in spite of several theories. In 1851 Zagreb had its first mayor, Janko Kamauf, and in 1945 it was made the capital of Croatia when the demographic boom and the urban sprawl made the city as it is known today.Zagreb has a special status in the Republic of Croatia's administrative division and is a consolidated city-county (but separated from Zagreb County), and is administratively subdivided into 17 city districts, most of them being at low elevation along the river Sava valley, whereas northern and northeastern city districts, such as Podsljeme and Sesvete districts are situated in the foothills of the Sljeme mountain, making the city's geographical image rather diverse. The city extends over 30 kilometres (19 miles) east-west and around 20 kilometres (12 miles) north-south.The transport connections, concentration of industry, scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie its leading economic position in Croatia. Zagreb is the seat of the central government, administrative bodies and almost all government ministries. Almost all of the largest Croatian companies, media and scientific institutions have their headquarters in the city. Zagreb is the most important transport hub in Croatia where Western Europe, the Mediterranean and Southeast Europe meet, making the Zagreb area the centre of the road, rail and air networks of Croatia. It is a city known for its diverse economy, high quality of living, museums, sporting and entertainment events. Its main branches of economy are high-tech industries and the service sector."
"Zahedan (Persian: زاهدان‎, also Romanized as Zāhedān, Zahidan, and Zaidān; also known as Zāhedān-e Yek; formerly known as Dowzdāb, Duzdāb, and Duzdāp and renamed Zahedan by Reza Shah Pahlavi in the late 1920s ) is a city in and the capital of Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 552,706, in 109,488 families. ""Zahedan"" is the plural of the Arabic word zahed meaning 'pious'."
"Zakho (Kurdish: Zaxo, زاخۆ) is a city, centre of the eponymous Zakho District of the Dohuk Governorate of Iraqi Kurdistan, located a few kilometers from the Iraqi-Turkish border. The city has a population of 350,000.It may have originally begun on a small island surrounded on all sides by the Little Khabur river, which flows through the modern city. The Khabur flows west from Zakho to form the border between Iraq and Turkey, continuing into the Tigris. The most important rivers in the area are the Zeriza, Seerkotik and the aforementioned Little Khabur.In July 2010 Zakho became the seat of the University of Zakho. The university is one of the eleven public universities of Kurdistan Region."
"Zamboanga City, officially the City of Zamboanga (Zamboangueño Chavacano: Ciudad de Zamboanga), is a highly urbanized city located in Mindanao, Philippines. It has a population of {{#property:P1082}} people as of the  census. Zamboanga is the 6th most populous and 3rd largest city by land area in the Philippines. It is the commercial and industrial center of the Zamboanga Peninsula Region.For historical and statistical purposes, Zamboanga City is grouped with the Province of Zamboanga del Sur, of which it formerly was the capital.Zamboanga was formerly known as Jambangan in the Subanon language and the center of the Subanon tribe and culture during the pre-Hispanic times. After independence from Spain on May 1899, Zamboanga became the Republica de Zamboanga with Zamboangueño Chavacano as its official language and Spanish as its co-official language. After American intervention, the republic incorporated into the Philippines and became the capital of the former Moro Province, now Mindanao, from 1903 to 1913. On October 12, 1936, Zamboanga became a chartered city under Commonwealth Act No. 39. It was formally inaugurated on February 26, 1937, which was declared a local holiday. Known for Hispanic influences in its culture, it bears the nickname ""Asia's Latin City."""
"Zamora (Spanish pronunciation: [saˈmoɾa]) is a city in southeastern Ecuador, capital of Zamora-Chinchipe province and cantonal head of Zamora Canton.Zamora is the principal and populous city in Zamora-Chinchipe. It is located in the foothills of the Andes mountains at 970 m above sea level, on the convergence of the Zamora, Bombuscaro and Jamboé rivers.Zamora has experienced a boom in growth in recent years, attributed to the discovery of gold in the surrounding region, by this has been known as Mining Capital of Ecuador and actually as well as City of Birds and Waterfalls, referring it to the constant presence of various types of birds and several waterfalls which emerge from the streams that surround the city.The city stretches from west to east towards Cumbaratza. It is connected by several bus and coach trips to other cantons and provinces."
"Zanjan About this sound pronunciation   (Persian: زنجان, Azerbaijani: زنگان ,Zәngan, Zәncan ) is the capital of Zanjan Province in northwestern Iran. It lies 298 km (185 mi) north-west of Tehran on the main highway to Tabriz and Turkey and approximately 125 km (78 mi) from the Caspian Sea.  At the 2011 census, its population was 386,851,which is the 20th largest city in Iran.The population of Zanjan consists mostly of Iranian Azerbaijanis who speak the Azerbaijani language.Zanjan is known for its beautiful handcrafts such as knives, traditional sandals, called charoogh, and malileh, a handcraft made with silver wires. Zanjani artists make many things like various decorative dishes and their special covers as well as silver jewelry. In ancient times, Zanjan was known for its stainless and sharp knives. But this tradition is gradually becoming extinct by introduction of Chinese-made knives into the market which are far cheaper, more abundant and of course less artistic. Many villagers today are traditional carpet weavers, perhaps Zanjan's most popular handcraft.Zanjan's population boasts the highest level of happiness among the people of 30 other provinces in Iran, according to a detailed survey conducted by ISNA."
"Ziguinchor (also called Zinguinchor) is the capital of the Ziguinchor Region, and the chief town of the Casamance area of Senegal, lying at the mouth of the Casamance River. It has a population of over 230,000 (2007 estimate). It is the second largest city of Senegal, but largely separated from the north of the country by The Gambia.The city has a tropical savanna climate, with an average annual accumulated rainfall of 1547mm (about 61 inches)."
"Zug (German: Zug, [tsʊk] (13px ); French: Zoug; Italian: Zugo; Romansh: Zug; Neo-Latin Tugium (named in the 16th century)), is a German-speaking city in Switzerland. The name ‘Zug’ originates from fishing vocabulary; in the Middle Ages it referred to  the right to ‘pull up’ fishing nets and hence to the right to fish.The city of Zug is located in the Canton of Zug and is the Canton capital. As of 31 December 2013 it had a total population of 27,961 inhabitants."
"Zwolle (Dutch: [ˈzʋɔlə] (13px )) is a municipality and the capital city of the province of Overijssel, Netherlands. It has a population around 125,000."
"Šibenik (Croatian pronunciation: [ʃîbeniːk]; Sebenico in Italian) is a historic town in Croatia, located in central Dalmatia where the river Krka flows into the Adriatic Sea. Šibenik is a political, educational, transport, industrial and tourist center of Šibenik-Knin county."
"Belmopan (/ˌbɛlmoʊˈpæn/) is the capital city of Belize. Its population in 2010 was 16,451.Belmopan is located in Cayo District at an altitude of 76 metres (249 feet) above sea level. Belmopan was constructed just to the east of the Belize River, 80 km (50 mi) inland from the former capital, the port of Belize City, after that city's near destruction by Hurricane Hattie in 1961. The government was moved to Belmopan in 1970. Its National Assembly Building is designed to resemble a Pre-Columbian Maya temple."
"Bridgetown (metropolitan pop 110,000 (2014)) is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados.  Formerly, the Town of Saint Michael, the Greater Bridgetown area is located within the parish of Saint Michael. Bridgetown is sometimes locally referred to as ""The City"", but the most common reference is simply ""Town"".The Bridgetown port, found along Carlisle Bay (at 13.106°N 59.632°W﻿ / 13.106; -59.632﻿ (Bridgetown port)) lies on the southwestern coast of the island.  Parts of the Greater Bridgetown area (as roughly defined by the Ring Road Bypass or more commonly known as the ABC Highway), sit close to the borders of the neighbouring parishes Christ Church and St. James. The Grantley Adams International Airport for Barbados, is located 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) southeast of Bridgetown city centre, and has daily flights to major cities in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada and the Caribbean. While there is no longer local municipal government, it is governed as a political constituency within the national Parliament.  During the short lived 1950s-1960s Federation of the British West Indian Territories, Bridgetown was one of three capital cities within the region being considered to be the Federal capital of region.The present day location of the city was established by English settlers in 1628 following a prior settlement under the authority of Sir William Courten at St. James Town. Bridgetown is a major West Indies tourist destination, and the city acts as an important financial, informatics, convention centre, and cruise ship port of call in the Caribbean region.  On 25 June 2011, Historic Bridgetown and its Garrison were added as a World Heritage Site of UNESCO."
"The religious capital or ecclesiastical capital of a region is a place considered pre-eminent by the adherents of a particular religion within that region. This is most often significant for the region's predominant religion or state religion, if any. The administrative headquarters of an organised religion may be centralised in a particular location; for example, Rome for the Catholic Church, or Salt Lake City for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In an episcopal church, the site of the cathedral of the primate bishop of an area may be considered its ecclesiastical capital; for example, Armagh is the seat of the primate of All Ireland in both the Catholic church and the Anglican church. Other places may be considered religious capitals by being centres of learning, such as Qom for Shia Islam in Iran; or places of pilgrimage, such as Varanasi for Hinduism."
"Guthrie (Pawnee: Ruhkarihraapi, Ruhkárihaapi) is a city and county seat of Logan County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City Metroplex. The population was 10,191 at the 2010 census, a 2.7 percent increase from the 9,925 at the 2000 census.Guthrie was the territorial and first state capital of Oklahoma.  The city is nationally significant because of its collection of late 19th and early 20th century commercial architecture.  The Guthrie Historic District is designated a National Historic Landmark.Victorian architecture in the city provides a backdrop for Wild West and territorial-style entertainment, carriage tours, replica trolley cars, specialty shops, and art galleries."
"Neuchâtel (French pronunciation: ​[nøʃatɛl]), Old French: neu(f) ""new"" + chatel ""castle"" (French: château); German: Neuenburg; Italian: Neocastello or Nuovocastello; Romansh: Neuchâtel or Neufchâtel) is the capital of the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel on Lake Neuchâtel.The city has as of December 2013 approximately 33,600 inhabitants (80,000 in the metropolitan area). The city is sometimes referred to historically by the German name About this sound Neuenburg , which has the same meaning, since it originally belonged to the Holy Roman Empire and later Prussia, which ruled the area until 1848.The official language of Neuchâtel is French.Neuchâtel is a pilot of the Council of Europe and the European Commission Intercultural cities programme."
"Ngaoundéré or N'Gaoundéré is the capital of the Adamawa Region of Cameroon.  It had a population of 152,700 (at the 2005 Census).  It lies at the northern end of the railway to Yaoundé and is also home to an airport. Attractions in the city include the Lamido Palace and the Lamido Grand Mosque. The town is named after a nearby mountain on its eponymous plateau; the mountain's name is the Mbum for ""navel mountain""."
"Portoviejo (Spanish pronunciation: [poɾtoˈβjexo], locally: [poɾtoˈβjeho]) is a city in Ecuador, and the capital the Province of Manabí 30 km from the Pacific coast. (Population: about 250,000).  Also known as the city of the ""Royal Tamarind Trees"" for the beautiful trees found in the area. Portoviejo is the main political and economical centre of the Portoviejo River valley, which also includes the cantons of Santa Ana and Rocafuerte, where about 110 square kilometers are cultivated every year. The valley is rich in the production of tomatoes, onions, peppers, bananas, mangoes and other tropical fruits. The city, which was affected by economic crisis in the eighties and nineties, is now recovering but severe budget limitations and a huge unemployment rate present difficulties for local authorities. Portoviejo is a large commercial center for the province, where there are two shopping malls, one with a large hypermarket, 8 movie theaters, food court, and other stores. There is a large flea market in downtown. Locals are very friendly and very well educated. The city is home of the cancer treatment hospital ""Dr Julio Villacreses Colmont"" serving the provinces of Manabí and Esmeraldas. Portoviejo is the perfect place to enjoy traditional Manabí cuisine, of great fame in Ecuador, usually at country side restaurants located on the side of the Portoviejo-Crucita roadway. The local airport is used for domestic flights.This large city is the capital of Manabí Province and is important for coffee, cattle and fishing. Founded on March 12, 1535, it is one of the oldest cities in Ecuador and is the sixth largest.Portoviejo has a thriving agricultural-processing industry and is an important commercial center, with good road connections to Quito and Guayaquil.This city houses close to 200,000 inhabitants and is the capital of Manabi province as well as the main center for commercial activity such as coffee production, fishing and cattle ranching. It also is infamous for kapok mattresses and pillows made from the ceibo seed case and is a good place to buy hammocks. You can stroll around the city easily by foot and visit the Parque Eloy Alfaro which faces the local cathedral. An interesting nearby village to visit is Sosote just a few minutes from Portoviejo, it's worth visiting because of its tagua workshops. The main street has several stalls selling tagua figures."
"Preveza (Greek: Πρέβεζα) is a town in the region of Epirus, northwestern Greece, located at the mouth of the Ambracian Gulf. It is the capital of the regional unit of Preveza, which is part of the region of Epirus. The Aktio-Preveza Immersed Tunnel, the first and so far only undersea tunnel in Greece, was completed in 2002 and connects Preveza to Aktio in western Acarnania in the region of Aetolia-Acarnania. The ruins of the ancient city of Nicopolis lie 7 kilometres (4 miles) north of the city."
"Princeton is a municipality with a borough form of government in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, that was established in its current form on January 1, 2013, through the consolidation of the Borough of Princeton and Princeton Township. As of the 2010 United States Census, the municipality's population was 28,572, reflecting the former township's population of 16,265, along with the 12,307 in the former borough.Princeton was founded before the American Revolution and is best known as the location of Princeton University, located in the community since 1756. Although its association with the university is primarily what makes Princeton a college town, other important institutions in the area include the Institute for Advanced Study, Westminster Choir College, Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, Princeton Theological Seminary, Opinion Research Corporation, Siemens Corporate Research, SRI International, FMC Corporation, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Amrep, Church and Dwight, Berlitz International, and Dow Jones & Company.Princeton is roughly equidistant from New York City and Philadelphia. Princeton is close to many major highways that serve both cities, and receives all major TV and radio broadcasts from each.New Jersey's capital is the city of Trenton, but the governor's official residence has been in Princeton since 1945, when Morven in the borough became the first Governor's mansion. It was later replaced by the larger Drumthwacket, a colonial mansion located in the township. Morven became a museum property of the New Jersey Historical Society.Princeton was named No. 15 of the top 100 towns in the United States to Live and Work In by Money Magazine in 2005.Although residents of Princeton (Princetonians) traditionally have a strong community-wide identity, the community had been composed of two separate municipalities: a township and a borough. The central borough was completely surrounded by the township. The Borough seceded from the Township in 1894 in a dispute over school taxes; the two municipalities later formed the Princeton Public Schools, and some other public services were conducted together before they were reunited into a single Princeton in January 2013.  The Borough contained Nassau Street, the main commercial street, most of the University campus, and incorporated most of the urban area until the postwar suburbanization. Borough and Township had roughly equal populations.United States Postal ZIP codes for Princeton include 08540, 08541 (Educational Testing Service), 08542 (largely the old Borough), 08543 (PO boxes), and 08544 (the University). The first covers areas outside Princeton proper, including major portions of Lawrence, Hopewell, and West Windsor Townships in Mercer County, Montgomery and Franklin Townships in Somerset County, and Plainsboro and South Brunswick Townships in Middlesex County."
"Ungaran is the administrative centre of the Semarang Regency in the province of Central Java, Indonesia. Ungaran is located at -7° 8' 17"", 110° 24' 18"" at an elevation of 319 metres. It encompasses two districts (kecamatan) within the Regency - Ungaran Barat (West Ungaran) and Ungaran Timur (East Ungaran)."
"Waibakul is a town in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Central Sumba Regency."
"Donaldsonville (historically French: Lafourche-des-Chitimachas) is a city in and the parish seat of Ascension Parish in south Louisiana, United States, located along the River Road of the west bank of the Mississippi River. The population was 7,436 at the 2010 census, a decrease of more than 150 from the 7,605 tabulation in 2000. Donaldsonville is part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area.Its Historic District has what has been described as the finest collection of buildings from the antebellum era to 1933, of any of the Louisiana river towns above New Orleans. Union forces attacked the city, occupying it and several of the river parishes beginning in 1862. It built Fort Butler on the west bank of the Mississippi River. They successfully defended it on June 28, 1863, against a Confederate attack. This was one of the first occasions where free blacks and fugitive slaves fought as soldiers on behalf of the Union. The fort is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.After the war, in 1868 Donaldsonville residents elected as mayor Pierre Caliste Landry, an attorney and Methodist minister; he was the first African American to be elected as mayor in the United States."
"Kailua is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hawaiʻi County, Hawaii, United States, in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaiʻi. The population was 11,975 at the 2010 census.  It is the center of commerce and of the tourist industry on West Hawaiʻi.  Its post office is designated Kailua-Kona to differentiate it from the larger Kailua located on windward Oʻahu, and it is sometimes referred to as Kona in everyday speech.  The city is served by Kona International Airport, located just to the north in the adjacent Kalaoa CDP. Kailua-Kona was the closest major settlement to the epicenter of the 2006 Hawaiʻi Earthquake."
"Kaskaskia is a historically important village in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. In the 2010 census the population was 14, making it the second-smallest incorporated community in the State of Illinois in terms of population, behind Valley City (pop. 13). As a major French colonial town of the Illinois Country, in the 18th century its peak population was about 7,000, when it was a regional center. During the American Revolution, the town, which by then had become an administrative center for the British Province of Quebec, was taken by the Virginia militia during the Illinois campaign. It was designated as  the county seat of Illinois County, Virginia, after which, it became part of the Northwest Territory in 1787.  Kaskaskia was later named as the capital of the United States' Illinois Territory, created on February 3, 1809. In 1818, when Illinois became the 21st U.S. state, the town briefly served as the state's first capital until 1819, when the capital was moved to Vandalia.Most of the town was destroyed in April 1881 by flooding, as the Mississippi River shifted eastward to a new channel, taking over the lower 10 mi (16 km) of the Kaskaskia River.  This resulted from deforestation of the river banks during the 19th century, due to crews taking wood for fuel to feed the steamboat and railroad traffic.  The river now passes east rather than west of the town.  The state boundary line, however, remained in its original location.  Accordingly, if the Mississippi River is considered to be a break in physical continuity, Kaskaskia is an exclave of Illinois, lying west of the Mississippi and reachable only from Missouri.  A small bridge crosses the old riverbed, now a creek that is sometimes filled with water during flood season. Kaskaskia has an Illinois telephone area code (618) and a Missouri ZIP Code (63673). Its roads are maintained by Illinois Dept. of Transportation, and its few residents vote in the Illinois elections. The town was evacuated in the Great Flood of 1993, which covered it with water more than nine feet deep (see photo below of church steeple amid rooftops).In 2010, a program titled ""How the States Got Their Shapes"" on the History Channel featured Kaskaskia. The former Randolph County Sheriff was featured discussing different sites on Kaskaskia Island."
"Lāhainā is the largest census-designated place (CDP) in West Maui, Maui County, Hawaii, United States, and the gateway to the famous Kaanapali and Kapalua beach resorts north of the community. As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a resident population of 11,704. Lahaina encompasses the coast along Hawaii Route 30 from a tunnel at the south end, through Olawalu up to the CDP of Napili-Honokowai to the north. During the heavy tourist seasons, the population can swell to nearly 40,000 people.Until permanently moving to Honolulu, Lahaina was the capital of the Kingdom of Hawaii. In the 19th century, Lahaina was the center of the global whaling industry with many sailing ships anchored in at its waterfront; today a score of pleasure craft make their home there. Lahaina's Front Street has been ranked one of the ""Top Ten Greatest Streets"" by the American Planning Association.Lahaina's popularity as a tropical getaway has caused its real estate to be some of the most expensive in Hawaii; many luxury homes and condos are sold for more than $2 million there."
"St. Francisville is a town in and the parish seat of West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.  The population was 1,712 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area."
"Vandalia is a city in Fayette County, Illinois, United States, 69 miles (111 km) northeast of St. Louis, on the Kaskaskia River.  From 1819 to 1839 it served as the state capital of Illinois.  Vandalia was for years the western terminus of the National Road.Today it is the county seat of Fayette County and the home of the Vandalia State House State Historic Site (1836). The population was 6,975 at the 2000 census."
"Ayoun al Atrous (also known as Aioun el Atrouss) (Arabic: عيون العتروس‎) is a town in southern Mauritania. It is located at around 16°40′0″N 9°37′0″W. It is the capital of Hodh El Gharbi region. The city is served by the Aioun el Atrouss Airport, 4 miles (6.4 km) north-west of the city.  The town is located in the southern area of the Aoukar, a former lake basin.Ayoun al Atrous was one of the stops in the 2007 Dakar Rally."
"Kangaba is a town and commune and seat of the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.The area was once the Kangaba Province under the Mali Empire.Kamablon, a circular brick building with a conical-shaped roof, exists in a bara, or large public place, at the center of town. It is currently being considered as a UNESCO World Heritage cultural site. The septennial re-roofing ceremony is listed on the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity as of 2009."
"Luena (pre-1975:  Luso) is a town located in east central Angola. It is the administrative capital of Moxico Province. While no exact figures are available, estimates on the population of the city varies from 60,000 to 200,000 residents, including an unknown number of refugees from the Angolan Civil War that officially ended in 2002."
"Macas is the capital of Morona Santiago province in southeastern Ecuador. The city is also the seat of the county Morona. Known as the ""Emerald of the East"" due to its location east of the Andes mountains, Macas lies in the Upano Valley overlooking the Upano river. The city has a population of 14,054 inhabitants and along with Tena and Puyo served under Spanish rule as one of Ecuador's main staging points for the colonization of the Amazon and the subjugation of its indigenous peoples.  Beginning in the 1960s indigenous people have organized political federations and movements, and often locate the seats of their organizations in such cities and use them as central places for regional congresses.  Macas has also been promoting tourism.The city is an important agricultural and livestock raising center as well as a transportation hub for small jungle communities to the east. Types of agricultural products found here include yuca, sugarcane, papaya, coffee, and bananas. In recent years, Macas also developed a small tourism industry based around jungle trekking, trips to indigenous communities, and extreme sports like rafting. Macas is linked by road to Puyo in the north and Riobamba to the west."
"Niutoua is a village in Tongatapu, Tonga. It is located close to the Ha'amonga 'a Maui stone on the extreme northeast corner of the island.  It was the first capital of the Tu'i Tonga Empire.Tongan Matanga:Ha'amonga a Maui (Uasila'a)Maka Faakinanga - Tokotoko ko ta'ofi tangataSiale Hae Vala (Siale Fakatoupikoi)Tuitui a TamaleMaka FekauTukunga'akau taVai tu'u lilo (Fakalongo-ki-kafa)Fanga ko Fele-a-kieSia-A MaheleHala SilopaUtulongoa'a"
"Aek Kanopan is a town or subdistrict in North Labuhan Batu Regency, North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of North Labuhan Batu Regency."
"Bireuën or Bireun is a city, the seat of the Bireuën Regency government in the Aceh province of Indonesia. Bireuen is located at 5°12′18″N 96°42′06″E."
"Ciputat is a district in the city of South Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia and is inside the Greater Jakarta metropolitan area. The population at the 2010 Census was 192,205."
"Guerou is a city and department in south-central Mauritania. Guerou is the largest province after province Kiffa capital of Assaba Region. It is located at around 16°49′N 11°50′W.According to the official census, the city's population was 14,418 in 1996, which ranked it in the 15th place by population in the country."
"Jatinegara (originally known as Meester Cornelis) is a subdistrict (kecamatan) of East Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia. The boundaries of Jatinegara are Bekasi Barat Raya - Bekasi Timur Raya - Jalan I. Gusti Ngurah Rai to the north, Kali Sunter to the east, Kali Malang canal - Jakarta-Cikampek Tollway to the south, and Ciliwung River to the west. The area is also known as Pecinan or Chinatown since the majority of the traders are of Chinese descent In Jatinegara Market.Jatinegara railway station, one of the biggest railway stations in Jakarta, is located in Matraman Subdistrict, not in Jatinegara Subdistrict; but is located on the boundary between the subdistricts of Jatinegara and Matraman.There is also an administrative village named Jatinegara located in Cakung Subdistrict, but this is not related to the Subdistrict of Jatinegara."
"Meureudu or Keude Meureudu is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Pidie Jaya Regency."
"for other uses see Ayadaw (disambiguation)Ayadaw is a town and seat of Ayadaw Township in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar."
"Heijō-kyō (平城京, also Heizei-kyō, sometimes Nara no miyako), was the capital city of Japan during most of the Nara period, from 710–40 and again from 745–84.  The imperial palace is a listed UNESCO World Heritage together with other places in the city of Nara (cf. Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara).Empress Gemmei ordered the Imperial capital moved from Fujiwara-kyō to Heijō-kyō in 708, and the move to Heijō-kyō was complete in 710.  Heijō-kyō was modeled after Chang'an, the capital of Tang Dynasty China, although Heijō-kyō lacked walls. In the city, there were many traders, merchants of China, Korea, India, and they introduced various foreign cultures to Heijō-kyō through the Silk Road.  As a result, Heijō-kyō flourished as Japan's first international and political capital, with a peak population of approximately 100,000.  The overall form of the city was an irregular rectangle, and the area of city is more than 25 km2."
"Kiến Giang is a township in Lệ Thủy District, Quảng Bình Province, in the North  Central Coast region of Vietnam. This township is located on the banks of the Kiến Giang River. The township is the capital of the district. The township's main economic activities is commerce and services for the surrounding rural areas. This township is 3 km south of families of Võ Nguyên Giáp, Ngo Dinh Diem and Nguyen Huu Canh, Dương Văn An, famous persons in the history of Vietnam. The township has an area of 4.4km2, population of 6,246. The town is prone to flooding due to its position in a low plain created by Kiến Giang river."
"Grogol Petamburan is a subdistrict of West Jakarta, Indonesia, roughly bounded by the West Flood Canal to the east, Angke Canal to the west and to the north, and Jakarta-Merak Tollway to the south.Some of the largest malls in Jakarta — Ciputra, Taman Anggrek, Season City, and Central Park — are located in Grogol Petamburan's Tanjung Duren Selatan Administrative Village. The universities of Tarumanegara and Trisakti are also located in Grogol Petamburan, in Tomang Administrative Village."
"Gwa (Burmese: ဂွမြို့) is a town in the Rakhine State of the westernmost part of Burma."
"Yanjing (Chinese: 燕京, also known as Youzhou 幽州, Ji 薊 or Fanyang 范陽) for administrative purposes was an ancient city and capital of the State of Yan in northern China. It was located in modern Beijing."
"Ebenezer, also known as New Ebenezer, is a ghost town in Effingham County, Georgia, United States, along the banks of Ebenezer Creek.  It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as Ebenezer Townsite and Jerusalem Lutheran Church in 1974.It was established in 1734 by 150 Salzburger Protestants who had been expelled from the Archbishopric of Salzburg in present-day Austria by edict (see Salzburg#Religious conflict). Ebenezer was moved closer to the Savannah River in 1736, and at its new location many silk mills were opened. The Salzburgers' pastor, the Reverend Johann Martin Boltzius, sought to build ""a religious utopia on the Georgia frontier."" That idea was very successful for a time, and the economy thrived. Jerusalem Lutheran Church was completed in 1769.But, after the British invasion of 1778 during the American Revolutionary War, the town was severely damaged.  It never fully recovered, although it briefly served as the capital of Georgia in 1782.  It was made the county seat of Effingham County in 1797, but two years later the seat was transferred to Springfield, taking much county business with it. By the time Ebenezer was abandoned in 1855, the town covered only 1/4 square mile. The Jerusalem Evangelical Lutheran Church is one of the few buildings that has survived in Ebenezer, and is believed to have the oldest continuing congregation in the state.The Ebenezer Townsite and Jerusalem Lutheran Church were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 4, 1974.  The New Ebenezer Camp, established 1977, is located in former Ebenezer.One of the more notable people from Ebenezer was John Adam Treutlen, the first state governor of Georgia."
"Nekor (N'kor in the Berber language) is a town in the Rif of Morocco.  It was the capital of the medieval Kingdom of Nekor, and was founded by Emir Idris ibn Salih between 749 and 761 AD, and became the capital in the reign of his son Sa'id I ibn Idris (the capital having previously been Temsaman.)  It was sacked by the Vikings sometime between 859 and 862 AD, and destroyed by the Almoravid Yusuf ibn Tashfin in 1080 during his conquest of the Rif."
"Đầm Dơi is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Đầm Dơi District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam."
"In Korean mythology and history, Asadal was the capital city of Gojoseon. It is thought that Asadal was located in Manchuria, Hwanghae, or Pyongyang.  The first Korean historical work to mention it is the Samguk Yusa, which cites the Chinese Book of Wei.  The Samguk Yusa also cites the Go Gi to the effect that Dangun's capital was located in Pyongyang. But recent studies show that there were more than one city named Pyongyang, situated in the north deep in Manchuria. The Pyongyang that is North Korea's capital today is actually the Southern counterpart, as it was common at the time for an emperor to manage two capitals and rule in two palaces. Therefore, it is thought that the true Asadal is located in Manchuria, now renamed with a Chinese name.Word for word, Asadal can be broken up as asa and dal. Asa is a hypothetical Altaic root for ""morning,"" and the Japanese language still uses an identical form to mean ""morning."" It may be cognate with a common Korean word for ""morning"" (Middle Korean achɔm; Modern Korean achim). Dal may be the result of reading Chinese characters in the Korean way, and the original Chinese pronunciation at the time Asadal was recorded in ancient historical texts could have been ""Da,"" a transcription of the Korean word sdah or ddang meaning ""land."" If such is the case, ""Asadal"" would mean ""Morning Land."" However, if ""dal"" is used much like the Goguryeo city name suffix ""-dal"" used for mountains and cities founded on plateaus/mountains, then ""Asadal"" means ""Morning Mountain."""
"Mungkid is a town in Magelang Regency, Central Java, Indonesia. It is the capital town of this regency. The town center is located in the village of Sawitan. The entire government offices or agencies of Magelang regency is there. In fact, the offices owned by private parties are also in this town. Mungkid town was founded on March 22, 1984 to replace City of Magelang as the capital town of Magelang regency since then because since then also has to break away from Magelang regency of Magelang become a part of the city itself. Thus, each dated March 22 is celebrated by the citizens of Magelang regency as Mungkid Anniversary of the town. In fact, Magelang regency himself never commemorate the anniversary because no one knows since when standing Magelang regency. Many people consider this town as an administrative town and alternatives city. Mungkid town tour are on track to Borobudur temple which is about 4 km from the center of this town."
"Amlapura is the regency seat of Karangasem, Bali, Indonesia. Previously named Karangasem, it was changed in 1963 after the eruption of Mount Agung. The capital city is Amlapura City."
"Bakata was the capital of the Ahom kingdom (present-day Assam, Northeast India) established by the Ahom king Suhungmung. Since this capital was by the Dihing river, Suhungmung is also known as the Dihingia Raja. The next king, Suklenmung, moved the capital to Garhgaon."
"Singaparna is the capital of Tasikmalaya Regency in West Java, Indonesia. Singaparna is a district located 10 km to the west from Tasikmalaya city."
"Gibraltar /dʒɨˈbrɔːltər/ is a British Overseas Territory located on the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula at the entrance of the Mediterranean. It has an area of 6.0 km2 (2.3 sq mi) and shares its northern border with the Province of Cádiz in Andalusia, Spain. The Rock of Gibraltar is the major landmark of the region. At its foot is a densely populated city area, home to almost 30,000 Gibraltarians and other nationalities.An Anglo-Dutch force captured Gibraltar from Spain in 1704 during the War of the Spanish Succession on behalf of the Habsburg pretender to the Spanish throne. The territory was subsequently ceded to Britain ""in perpetuity"" under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713. It was an important base for the Royal Navy; today its economy is based largely on tourism, online gambling, financial services, and shipping.The sovereignty of Gibraltar is a major point of contention in Anglo-Spanish relations as Spain asserts a claim to the territory. Gibraltarians overwhelmingly rejected proposals for Spanish sovereignty in a 1967 referendum and again in 2002. Under the Gibraltar constitution of 2006, Gibraltar governs its own affairs, though some powers, such as defence and foreign relations, remain the responsibility of the UK Government."
"Monaco /ˈmɒnəkoʊ/, officially the Principality of Monaco (French: Principauté de Monaco (French pronunciation: ​[pʁɛ̃sipote də monako]); Monégasque: Principatu de Múnegu; Italian: Principato di Monaco; Occitan: Principat de Mónegue), is a sovereign city-state and microstate, located on the French Riviera in Western Europe. It is bordered by France on three sides; one side borders the Mediterranean Sea. Monaco has an area of 2.02 km2 (0.78 sq mi) and a population of 36,371; Monaco is the second smallest and the most densely populated country in the world. Monaco has a land border of 4.4 km (2.7 mi), a coastline of 4.1 km (2.5 mi), and a width that varies between 1,700 and 349 m (5,577 and 1,145 ft). The highest point in the country is a narrow pathway named Chemin des Révoires on the slopes of Mont Agel, in the Les Révoires Ward, which is 161 metres (528 feet) above sea level. Monaco's most populous Quartier is Monte Carlo and the most populous Ward is Larvotto/Bas Moulins. Through land reclamation, Monaco's land mass has expanded by twenty percent.Monaco is a principality governed under a form of constitutional monarchy, with Prince Albert II as head of state. Although Prince Albert II is a constitutional monarch, he wields immense political power. The House of Grimaldi have ruled Monaco, with brief interruptions, since 1297. The official language is French, but Monégasque, Italian, and English are widely spoken and understood. The state's sovereignty was officially recognized by the Franco-Monegasque Treaty of 1861, with Monaco becoming a full United Nations voting member in 1993. Despite Monaco's independence and separate foreign policy, its defense is the responsibility of France. However, Monaco does maintain two small military units.Economic development was spurred in the late 19th century with the opening of its first casino, Monte Carlo, and a railway connection to Paris. Since then, the principality's mild climate, splendid scenery, and gambling facilities have contributed to Monaco's status as a premier tourist destination and recreation center for the rich and famous. However, in more recent years Monaco has become a major banking center and has successfully sought to diversify its economy into the services and small, high-value-added, non-polluting industries. The state has no income tax, low business taxes, and is well known for being a tax haven.Monaco is not formally a part of the European Union (EU), but it participates in certain EU policies, including customs and border controls. Through its relationship with France, Monaco uses the euro as its sole currency. Monaco joined the Council of Europe in 2004."
"Singapore (/ˈsɪŋəpɔr/ or /ˈsɪŋɡəpɔr/), officially the Republic of Singapore, is a sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia. It lies off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula and is 137 kilometres (85 mi) north of the equator. The country's territory consists of the diamond-shaped main island, commonly referred to as Singapore Island in English and Pulau Ujong in Malay, and more than 60 significantly smaller islets. Singapore is separated from Peninsular Malaysia by the Straits of Johor to the north, and from Indonesia's Riau Islands by the Singapore Strait to the south. The country is highly urbanised, and little of the original vegetation remains. The country's territory has consistently expanded through land reclamation.The islands were settled in the second century AD and subsequently belonged to a series of local empires. Modern Singapore was founded in 1819 by Sir Stamford Raffles as a trading post of the East India Company with permission from the Johor Sultanate. The British obtained sovereignty over the island in 1824, and Singapore became one of the British Straits Settlements in 1826. Occupied by the Japanese during World War II, Singapore became independent from the United Kingdom in 1963 and united with other former British territories to form Malaysia, from which it was expelled two years later through a unanimous act of parliament. Since then, Singapore has developed rapidly, earning recognition as one of the Four Asian Tigers.Singapore is one of the world's major commercial hubs, with the fourth-biggest financial centre and one of the five busiest ports. Its globalised and diversified economy depends heavily on trade, especially manufacturing, which represented 26 percent of Singapore's GDP in 2005. In terms of purchasing power parity, Singapore has the third-highest per capita income in the world but high income inequality. It places highly in international rankings with regard to education, healthcare, and economic competitiveness. Approximately 5.4 million people live in Singapore (June 2013), of which approximately two million are foreign-born. While Singapore is diverse, ethnic Asians predominate: 75 percent of the population is Chinese, with significant minorities of Malays, Indians, and Eurasians. There are four official languages, English, Malay, Mandarin, and Tamil, and the country promotes multiculturalism through a range of official policies.Singapore is a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic, with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government. The People's Action Party has won every election since self-government began in 1959. The dominance of the PAP, coupled with a low level of press freedom and suppressed civil liberties and political rights, has led to Singapore being classified as a semi-authoritarian regime. One of the five founding members of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), Singapore is also the host of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Secretariat, and a member of the East Asia Summit, the Non-Aligned Movement, and the Commonwealth. Singapore's rapid development has given it significant influence in global affairs, leading some analysts to identify it as a middle power."
"Kefamenanu is a town and capital of the subdistrict kecamatan of Kota Kefamenanu and the North Central Timor Regency in West Timor, Indonesia. A road connects it to Halilulik and Kota Atambua to the northeast."
"Hillah (Arabic: الحلة‎), also spelled Hilla or Al Hillah (BGN: Al Ḩillah) is a city in central Iraq on the Hilla branch of the Euphrates River, 100 km (62 mi) south of Baghdad. The population is estimated at 364,700 in 1998. It is the capital of Babylon Province and is located adjacent to the ancient city of Babylon, and close to the ancient cities of Borsippa and Kish. It is situated in a predominantly agricultural region which is extensively irrigated with water provided by the Hilla canal, producing a wide range of crops, fruit and textiles. Its name may be derived from the word ""beauty"" in Arabic. The river runs exactly in the middle of the town, and it is surrounded by date palm trees and other forms of vegetation enhancing the weather and reducing the harmful effect of dust and the desert winds.The city was once a major center of Islamic scholarship and education. The tomb of the Jewish prophet Ezekiel is reputed to be located in a nearby village.It became a major administrative centre during the rule of the Ottoman and British Empires. In the 19th century, the Hilla branch of the Euphrates started to silt up and much agricultural land was lost to drought, but this process was reversed by the construction of the Hindiya Barrage in 1911–1913, which diverted water from the deeper Hindiya branch of the Euphrates into the Hilla canal. It saw heavy fighting in 1920 during an uprising against the British, when 300 men of the Manchester Regiment were apparently defeated in the city. It is said to be where the Hanging Gardens of Babylon once were."
"A temporary capital or a provisional capital is a city or town chosen by a government as an interim base of operations due to some difficulty in retaining or establishing control of a different metropolitan area. The most common circumstances leading to this are either a civil war, where control of the capital is contested, or during an invasion, where the designated capital is taken or threatened."
"Pauktaw (Burmese: ပေါက်တောမြို့) is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar."
"Ye-U is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar."
"Limapuluh is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Batubara Regency."
"Al-Qurnah (Qurna) is a small town in southern Iraq about 74 km northwest of Basra, within the town of Nahairat. Qurna (Arabic for connection/joint) is located at the confluence point of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers join to form the Shatt al-Arab. The folklore holds Qurna to have been the site of the Garden of Eden. An ancient jujube tree (recently dead) is locally celebrated and shown to the tourist as the actual Tree of Knowledge noted in the Bible"
"Asuka (飛鳥) was the Imperial capital of Japan during the Asuka period (538 – 710 AD), which takes its name from this place. It is located in the present-day village of Asuka, Nara Prefecture."
"Ermoupoli (Greek: Ερμούπολη), also known by the formal older name Ermoupolis or Hermoupolis (Greek: Ἑρμούπολις < Ἑρμοῦ πόλις ""Town of Hermes""), is a town and former municipality on the island of Syros, in the Cyclades, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform, it is part of the municipality Syros-Ermoupoli, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit. It is also the capital of the South Aegean region."
"The Chinese phrase Four Great Ancient Capitals of China (simplified Chinese: 中国四大古都; traditional Chinese: 中國四大古都; pinyin: Zhōngguó Sì Dà Gǔdū) traditionally refers to Beijing (the current capital of the People's Republic), Nanjing, Luoyang, and Chang'an (Xi'an).Due to additional evidence discovered since the 1930s, other historical capitals have been included in the list. The later phrase Seven Ancient Capitals of China includes Kaifeng (added in the 1920s as the fifth ancient capital), Hangzhou (the sixth, added in the 1930s), and Anyang (a proposal by numerous archaeologists in 1988, after which it finally became the seventh ancient capital). In 2004, the China Ancient Capital Society officially added Zhengzhou as an eighth due to archaeological finds from the early Shang Dynasty there."
"Montreal (/ˌmʌntriːˈɒl/; French: Montréal , pronounced [ˈmõʁeal] (13px )) is a city in the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the largest city in the province, the second-largest in Canada and the 9th-largest in North America. Originally called Ville-Marie, or ""City of Mary"", it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city. The city is on the Island of Montreal, which took its name from the same source as the city, and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard.In 2011 the city had a population of 1,649,519. Montreal's metropolitan area (CMA) (land area 4,259 square kilometres (1,644 sq mi)) had a population of 3,824,221 and a population of 1,886,481 in the urban agglomeration, all of the municipalities on the Island of Montreal included. Current 2014 estimates of the CMA place the metropolitan area of Montreal at 4.1 million.French is the city's official language and is the language spoken at home, as Québécois French, by 56.9% of the population of the city, followed by English at 18.6% and 19.8% other languages (in the 2006 census). In the larger Montreal Census Metropolitan Area, 67.9% of the population speaks French at home, compared to 16.5% who speak English. Montreal is one of the most bilingual cities in Quebec and Canada with 56% of the population able to speak both English and French. Montreal is the second largest primarily French-speaking city in the world, after Paris.Montreal was named a UNESCO City of Design. Historically the commercial capital of Canada, it was surpassed in population and economic strength by Toronto in the 1970s. It remains an important centre of commerce, aerospace, finance, pharmaceuticals, technology, design, culture, tourism, gaming, film and world affairs. It is ranked 16th out of 140 cities in The Economist Intelligence Unit's Global Liveability Ranking.In 2009, Montreal was named North America's leading host city for international association events, according to the 2009 preliminary rankings of the International Congress and Convention Association (ICCA). In 2015, QS World University Rankings ranked Montreal the 8th-best place in the world to be a university student."
"Moroni (in Arabic موروني Mūrūnī) is the largest city, federal capital and seat of the government of the Union of the Comoros, a sovereign archipelago nation in the Indian Ocean. In Comorian, Moroni translates as ""in the heart of the fire"", perhaps alluding to the city's location at the foot of Mount Karthala, an active volcano. Moroni is the capital of the semi-autonomous island Grande Comore, the largest of the three main islands of the republic. The city's estimated population in 2003 was 41,557 residents. Moroni, which lies along the Route Nationale 1, has a port and several mosques such as the Badjanani Mosque."
"Muzaffarabad (Urdu: مُظفَّرآباد‎; Pahari, Potwari: مُظفٌر آباد) is the capital of  Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan. It is located in Muzaffarabad District on the banks of the Jhelum and Neelum rivers. The district is bounded by Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in the west, by the Kupwara and Baramulla districts of Indian State of Jammu & Kashmir in the east, and the Neelum District of Pakistan administered Azad Kashmir in the north. According to the 1998 Census, the population of the district was 725,000, and according to a 1999 projection, the population had risen to almost 741,000. The district comprises three tehsils, and the city of Muzaffarabad serves as the cultural, legislative and financial capital of Pakistan administered Kashmir."
"Palikir (/ˈpælɪˌkɪər/) is a town and the capital of the Federated States of Micronesia in the western Pacific Ocean. It is part of the much larger Sokehs municipality, which had a population of 7000 as of 2009, with 106,487 being the total population of the country. It is situated on the northwest side of Pohnpei island (population 33,000) a high volcanic island surrounded by a fringing coral reef. Nearby to the northeast is the island's largest settlement, the coastal town of Kolonia."
"Port Blair (About this sound pronunciation ; Bengali: পোর্ট ব্লেয়ার; Hindi: पोर्ट ब्लेयर) is the largest town and a municipal council in Andaman district in the Andaman Islands and the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India. It lies on the east coast of South Andaman Island and is the main entry point to the islands.Port Blair is the headquarters for the Indian district of South Andaman, and the local administrative sub-division (tehsil), which is also called Port Blair. It is the headquarters of the Andaman and Nicobar Command, the first integrated theatre command of the armed forces. It is home to several museums and a major naval base INS Jarawa of the Indian Navy, along with sea and air bases of the Indian Coast Guard and the Indian Air Force. Port Blair is also famous for the historic Cellular Jail and other small islands which were once home to British colonists."
"Road Town, located on Tortola, is the capital of the British Virgin Islands. It is situated on the horseshoe-shaped Road Harbour in the centre of the island's south coast. The population was about 9,400 in 2004.The name is derived from the nautical term ""the roads"", a place less sheltered than a harbour but which ships can easily get to. A 28 hectares (69 acres) development called Wickham's Cay, consisting of two areas that were reclaimed from the sea and a marina, have enabled Road Town to emerge as a haven for yacht chartering and a centre of tourism. This area is the newest part of the city and the hub for the new commercial and administrative buildings of the BVI. The oldest building in Road Town, the HM Prison on Main Street, dates from the 1840s."
"Saint Peter Port is the capital of Guernsey as well as the main port.  The population in 2001 was 16,488.  In Guernésiais and in French, historically the official language of Guernsey, the name of the town and its surrounding parish is St Pierre Port.  The ""port"" distinguishes this parish from Saint Pierre Du Bois.As well as being a parish, St. Peter Port is a small town consisting mostly of steep narrow streets and steps on the overlooking slopes. It is known that a trading post/town has existed here since before Roman times, the pre-Christian name of which has not survived into the modern era.The post code for addresses in this parish starts with GY1.People from St. Peter Port, were nicknamed ""les Villais"" (the townspeople) or ""cllichards"" in Guernésiais."
"Shatt al-Arab (Arabic: شط العرب‎, ""Stream of the Arabs""; Persian: اَروَندرود‎, Arvand Rud, ""Swift River"") is a river in Southwest Asia of some 200 km (120 mi) in length, formed by the confluence of the Euphrates and the Tigris in the town of al-Qurnah in the Basra Governorate of southern Iraq. The southern end of the river constitutes the border between Iraq and Iran down to the mouth of the river as it discharges into the Persian Gulf. It varies in width from about 232 metres (761 ft) at Basra to 800 metres (2,600 ft) at its mouth. It is thought that the waterway formed relatively recently in geologic time, with the Tigris and Euphrates originally emptying into the Persian Gulf via a channel further to the west.The Karun river, a tributary which joins the waterway from the Iranian side, deposits large amounts of silt into the river; this necessitates continuous dredging to keep it navigable.The area is judged to hold the largest date palm forest in the world. In the mid-1970s, the region included 17 to 18 million date palms, an estimated one-fifth of the world's 90 million palm trees. But by 2002, war, salt, and pests had wiped out more than 14 million of the palms, including around 9 million in Iraq and 5 million in Iran. Many of the remaining 3 to 4 million trees are in poor condition.In Middle Persian literature and the Shahnama (written between c. 977 and 1010 AD), the name اروند Arvand is used for the Tigris, the confluent of the Shatt al-Arab. Iranians also used this name specifically to designate the Shatt al-Arab during the later Pahlavi period, and continue to do so after the Iranian Revolution of 1979."
"The Valley is the capital of Anguilla, one of its fourteen districts, and the main ""town"" on the island. As of 2011, it had a population of 1,067."
"Brades (also Brades Estate; approximate population 1,000) is a village and the capital of the Caribbean island of Montserrat since 1998."
"Naypyidaw (Burmese: နေပြည်တော်; MLCTS: Nepranytau, officially spelled Nay Pyi Taw and Naypyitaw; pronounced: [nèpjìdɔ̀], formerly known as Kyetpyay, Pyinmana or Kyatpyay, Pyinmana) is the capital city of Burma, also known as Myanmar. It is administered as the Naypyidaw Union Territory, as per the 2008 Constitution. On 6 November 2005, the administrative capital of Burma was officially moved to a greenfield 3.2 km (2.0 mi) west of Pyinmana, and approximately 320 km (200 mi) north of Yangon (Rangoon), the previous capital. The capital's official name was announced on 27 March 2006, Burma Armed Forces Day. Much of this planned city is still under construction, which was set to be completed by around 2012. As of 1 October 2012, the population was 1,164,299,REDIRECT Template:Unreliable source?This is a redirect from a page that has been moved (renamed). This page was kept as a redirect to avoid breaking links, both internal and external, that may have been made to the old page name.  For more information follow the category link. which makes it Burma's third largest city, behind Yangon and Mandalay. The city is one of the world's 10 fastest-growing cities. The 24th and 25th ASEAN Summit as well as the Ninth East Asia Summit were held in Naypyidaw. It is also one of the host cities for 2013 Southeast Asian Games.↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑ ↑ 4.0 4.1 ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"
"South Tarawa (in Gilbertese Tarawa Teinainano) is the capital and hub of the Republic of Kiribati and home to approximately half of Kiribati's total population.  The South Tarawa population center consists of all the small islets from Betio in the West to Bonriki in the East, connected by the South Tarawa main road; with a population of 50,182 as of 2010.South Tarawa is home to most of the Government, commercial and education facilities in Kiribati including the Port and the High Court at Betio, the State House, Government Ministries and foreign High Commissions in Bairiki, a University of the South Pacific campus in Teaorereke, the House of Assembly (Kiribati) in Ambo, the Kiribati Teacher College and Government High School in Bikenibeu, and the central hospital in Nawerewere.  The Roman Catholic diocese is based in Teaorereke, the Kiribati Protestant Church (Congregational) in Antebuka, and the Church of Latter Day Saints in Eita."
"Willemstad (/wɪləmˌstɑːt/; Dutch pronunciation: [ˈʋɪləmstɑt]) is the capital city of Curaçao, an island in the southern Caribbean Sea that forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Formerly the capital of the Netherlands Antilles prior to its dissolution in 2010, it has an estimated population of 150,000. The historic centre of the city consists of four quarters: the Punda and Otrobanda, which are separated by the Sint Anna Bay, an inlet that leads into the large natural harbour called the Schottegat, as well as the Scharloo and Pietermaai Smal quarters, which are across from each other on the smaller Waaigat harbour. The city centre, with its unique architecture and harbour entry, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site."
"Mata-Utu (ʻUvean: Matāʻutu) is the capital of Wallis and Futuna, an overseas collectivity of France. It is located on the island of Uvéa (ʻUvea), in the district of Hahake, of which it is also the capital. Its population (2003 census) is 1,191. It is one of two ports in Wallis and Futuna, the other being at Leava on Futuna. Hihifo Airport, the main airport accessing the island and city, is 5.6 kilometres (3.5 mi) to the northwest.The most prominent landmarks in the town are the Matâ'Utu Cathedral, the palace next to it and backdrop of the Mt. Lulu Fakahega where there is an old chapel."
"Leshi (Burmese: လေရှီးမြို့; also spelt Lashi or Layshi), is a town in Naga Hills of Sagaing Division on the northwest frontier of Burma. According to the new 2008 Constitution of the military regime, it will now be grouped together with Lahe and Nanyun in Naga Self-Administered Zone. Leshi is reached via Htamanthi across the Chindwin River by boat from Homalin, and there are domestic flights from Yangon and Mandalay to Homalin.The Naga New Year Festival is held on 15 January, and Lahe, Leshi, Hkamti and Nanyun hosted it in rotation until it became state-sponsored for the benefit of tourism and limited to Leshi and Lahe since 2003 during the time of the ousted prime minister Khin Nyunt.Naga insurgents fighting against the Indian government have bases in the area over the Burmese side of the border. The Burmese army have launched offensives against these camps in recent years following top level meetings between the two governments.In October 2008, a joint decision between India and Burma was reached to open a new border trade post at Avakhung-Leshi. The inhabitants of Avangkhu had moved their village 4 km closer from its original location of 8 km from the border in order to take advantage of the border trade. Leshi is 25 km from the border and 100 km from Htamanthi."
"Hoàng Mai is a town (thị trấn) of Quỳnh Lưu District, Nghệ An Province, in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam.vi:Hoàng Mai"
"Tanah Merah (or Tanamerah) is a town in Papua (province) of Indonesia (not to be confused with Tanahmerah Bay) situated on the Digul river within the interior of Western New Guinea. The town acted as a Dutch penal colony during the period when Indonesia was a Dutch colony.There is an airport ICAO: WAKT."
"Avarua (meaning ""Two Harbors"" in Cook Islands Māori) is a town and district in the north of the island of Rarotonga, and is the national capital of the Cook Islands.The town is served by Rarotonga International Airport (IATA Airport Code: RAR) and Avatiu Harbour.The population of Avarua District is 5,445 (census of 2006)."
"Mamuju is the capital of the Indonesian province of West Sulawesi. The city was formerly part of South Sulawesi province."
"Sigli is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Pidie Regency.Sigli is located 112 kilometers to the south of the capital of Aceh province, Banda Aceh.SportPersatuan Sepakbola Aceh Pidie  is the football club from Sigli."
"Bangkalan, Madura is a town on the western coast of Madura Island in Indonesia, the government seat of the Bangkalan Regency."
"Rathedaung (Burmese: ရသေ့တောင်မြို့) is the administrative town of Rathedaung Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar. It is 65 kilometers (40 miles) north of Sittwe.There were at least 12 casualties in Rathedaung Township during communal clashes of Jun 2012. 2 were Muslims and 10 were Buddhists."
"Teminabuan is a small town in South Sorong Regency, West Papua, Indonesia. The town serves as the capital city of South Sorong Regency. As of 2005 it had a population of 7,969. The town is located in the southwestern-central part of the Bird's Head Peninsula. The area was bombed between January and March 1967. It is served by Teminabuan Airport."
"Sambas was a traditional Malay state in Indonesia in modern Borneo."
"This article is about the Japanese national capital in general. For the current capital, see Tokyo.The capital of Japan is generally believed to be Tokyo. In the course of history, the national capital has been in many locations other than Tokyo."
"Gungnae Fortress, also known as Guonei City, was the second capital city of the ancient Korean Kingdom of Goguryeo. This place is present-day Ji'an (集安), and the perimeter of its outer fortress measures 2,686m."
"An Châu  is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Sơn Động District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"Charaideo (Tai: Che Tam-Doi Meaning: Che=town, Tam=Foot-Hill, Doi=Hill/Mountain) was the first capital of the Ahom kingdom established by the first Ahom king Chao Lung Siu-Ka-Pha in 1228. It is about 30 km from Sibsagar town of Assam of the Sibsagar-Simaluguri road. Though the capital of the Ahom kingdom moved many times, Charaideo remained the symbolic center. It contains sacred burial grounds of Ahom kings and queens and is also the place of ancestral Gods of the Ahoms. The tombs (Maidams) of Ahom kings and queens at Charaideo hillocks are comparable to the Pyramids of Egypt and are objects of wonder revealing the excellent architecture and skill of the sculptors and masons of Assam of the medieval days.The actual number of Maidam has exceeded 150 but only 30 Maidams are protected by the Archeological Survey of India and Assam State Archeology Department, and the remaining Maidams are unprotected. Most of these unprotected Maidams are encroached by people and so going to be damaged. The biggest unprotected Maidam is the Bali Maidam near Nimonagarh. This Maidam is called Bali Maidam, because while British plundered it, they got obstruction from excess sands (Bali) in the surrounding of the Maidam.The site has had some archeological works but also has suffered from robbers. There have been calls for the site to be UNESCO World Heritage listed."
"Kebayoran Baru is a subdistrict of South Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia. Kebayoran Baru was the last residential area to be developed by the Dutch colonial administration. The urban planning was laid in a concept of the Garden city movement, consisting of a well-planned residential area, a shopping center, and a business district, supported with civic facilities e.g. schools, places of worship, hospitals, and parks. Many important governmental institutions are located in Kebayoran Baru, such as the Indonesia Stock Exchange building, the City Hall of South Jakarta, and the ASEAN Secretariat building.The rough boundaries of Kebayoran Baru are Jendral Sudirman Main Road to the northwest, Gatot Subroto Main Road to the northeast, Krukut River to the east, Cipete Utara Road - Haji Nawi Road to the south, and Grogol River to the west."
"Lubuk Basung is a town or Sub-district in Agam Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Agam Regency."
"Taimung was the capital of the Ahom kingdom in the Brahmaputra valley in Assam, India, during the reign of Suremphaa from 1751 until 1769."
"Yekyi (Burmese: ရေကြီးမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Yekyi Township in the Pathein District."
"Abu Al-Khaseeb, sometimes spelled Abu Al-Khasib, is a town in the Basrah Governorate of Iraq south of Basra. It is a primarily Shia town.Abu Al-Khasib is considered an agricultural town. It is well known by its palm farms all over Ahat Al-Arab. There are also farms of different kinds of vegetables."
"Kyaiklat (Burmese: ကျိုက်လတ်မြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Kyaiklat Township in the Pyapon District."
"Akure is a city in south-western Nigeria, and is the largest city and capital of Ondo State. The city has a population of 387,100. The people are of the Yoruba ethnic group."
"Kekionga (meaning ""blackberry bush"") also known as Kiskakon or Pacan's Village, was the capital of the Miami tribe. It was located at the confluence of the Saint Joseph, Saint Marys and Maumee rivers on the western edge of the Great Black Swamp in present-day Indiana. Over their respective decades of influence from colonial times to after the American Revolution and Northwest Indian Wars, the French, British and American all established trading posts and forts at the large village, as it was located on an important portage connecting Lake Erie to the Wabash and Mississippi rivers. The European-American town of Fort Wayne, Indiana, was founded here in 1794."
"Knoxville is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee, and the county seat of Knox County.  The city had an estimated population of 183,270 in 2013, and a population of 178,874 as of the 2010 census, making it the state's third largest city. Knoxville is the principal city of the Knoxville Metropolitan Statistical Area, which, in 2013, had an estimated population of 852,715. The KMSA is, in turn, the central component of the Knoxville-Sevierville-La Follette Combined Statistical Area, which, in 2013, had a population of 1,096,961.First settled in 1786, Knoxville was the first capital of Tennessee.  The city struggled with geographic isolation throughout the early 19th century, though the arrival of the railroad in 1855 led to an economic boom. During the Civil War, the city was bitterly divided over the secession issue, and was occupied alternately by both Confederate and Union armies.  Following the war, Knoxville grew rapidly as a major wholesaling and manufacturing center.  The city's economy stagnated after the 1920s as the manufacturing sector collapsed, the Downtown area declined, and city leaders became entrenched in highly partisan political fights.  Hosting the 1982 World's Fair helped reinvigorate the city, and revitalization initiatives by city leaders and private developers have had major successes in spurring growth in the city, especially the downtown area.Knoxville is the home of the flagship campus of the University of Tennessee, whose sports teams, called the ""Volunteers"" or ""Vols,"" are extremely popular in the surrounding area.  Knoxville is also home to the headquarters of the Tennessee Valley Authority, as well as the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for East Tennessee and corporate headquarters of several national and regional companies.  As one of the largest cities in the Appalachian region, Knoxville has positioned itself in recent years as a repository of Appalachian culture, and is one of the gateways to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park."
"Kwandang is a town in Indonesia and the regency seat of The Regency of North Gorontalo"
"Nyaungdon (Burmese: ညောင်တုန်းမြို့ [ɲàʊɴdóʊɴ mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Nyaungdon Township in the Maubin District."
"Palaw  (Burmese: ပုလောမြို့, Thai: ปะลอ) is a town in the Taninthayi Division, southernmost part of Myanmar."
"Vȁraždīn (Croatian pronunciation: [ʋâraʒdiːn] or [ʋarǎʒdin], Hungarian: Varasd, German: Warasdin) is a city in North Croatia, 81 km (50 mi) north of Zagreb on the highway A4. The total population is 46,946, with 38,839 on 34.22 km2 (13.21 sq mi) of the city settlement itself (2011). The centre of Varaždin County is located near the Drava river, at 46.312°N 16.361°E﻿ / 46.312; 16.361. It is mainly known for its baroque buildings, music, textile, food and IT industry."
"Bích Động is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Việt Yên District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"This is a list of the historical capitals of Serbian statehood:"
"Delémont (French pronunciation: ​[dəlemɔ̃], Franc-Comtois: D'lémont, German: Delsberg) is the capital of the Swiss canton of Jura. The city has approximately 12,000 inhabitants as of 2013."
"Hakha (Burmese: ဟားခါးမြို့; MLCTS: ha: hka: mrui., pronounced: [hákʰá mjo̰]; formerly called Haka) is the capital of Chin State in Burma. It is located in the northeast in Chin State. The vernacular name of the city was Halkha. The total area of Hakha is about 12.50 square miles (32.4 km2). The town of Hakha is more than 6,000 feet above the sea level, founded on a small highland plateau, and although it is relatively small in land area, it is the largest town and capital city of the whole state and its plateau is significantly larger than that of other towns in Chin State. It is estimated that Hakha has enough land and full capacity to extend as much as ten times than its current township area. Also Hakha government took all of the hospital material from Falam and moved to Hakha.As Chin State is quite hilly, Hakha is built on the slope of a large mountain, in a U shape. There is only one main road running along the middle of the city, in a curve U, and the whole city is built along this road.  Another road runs from the middle of the city, for a short while, forming the foot of U. Hakha is in the center of Chin State and it is connected with Thantlang, Falam, Gangaw and Matupi by truck roads."
"Massawa (Arabic: مصوع‎, Maṣṣawaʿ, Italian: Massaua), also known as Mitsiwa (Ge'ez: ምጽዋዕ, Miṣṣiwa), Batsiʿ (Ge'ez: ባጽዕ, Bāṣiʿ, formerly ባጽዕ, Bāṣ́iʿ), and Badi (Arabic: بِضع‎, Baḍiʿ), is a city on the Red Sea coast of Eritrea located at the northern end of the Gulf of Zula beside the Dahlak Archipelago. An important port for many centuries, it was ruled by a succession of polities, including the Axumite Empire, Medri Bahri Kingdom, the Umayyad Caliphate, various Beja sultanates, the Ottoman Empire, Egypt, Italy, Britain, and Ethiopia, until Eritrea's independence in 1991. Massawa was the capital of the Italian Colony of Eritrea until this was moved to Asmara in 1897."
"Naniwa-kyō (難波京) is a historical Japanese capital city, which was located in present-day central Osaka city.Traces of ancient palaces in Naniwa were found in 1957. Through more recent excavations, the existence of a city was confirmed, at least for the latter period in the 8th century."
"Ngan Dừa is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Hồng Dân District, Bạc Liêu Province, in south-western Vietnam."
"Ngerulmud is the capital of the Republic of Palau, an island nation in the Pacific Ocean. It replaced Koror, Palau's largest city, as capital in 2006. The settlement is located in the state of Melekeok on Babeldaob, the country's largest island, 20 kilometres (12 miles) northeast of Koror and 2 km (1 mile) northwest of Melekeok village."
"Polygyros (Greek: Πολύγυρος) is a town and municipality in Central Macedonia, Greece. It is the capital of Chalkidiki."
"Samawah or As Samawah (Arabic language:السماوة ) is a city in Iraq, 280 kilometres (174 mi) southeast of Baghdad.The city of Samawah is the modern capital of the Al Muthanna Governorate. The city is located midway between Baghdad and Basra, at the northern edge of the governorate. The province was established in 1975; prior to that date it was a unified province along with Qadissiya (Diwaniya) and Najaf."
"Tabanan is a regency (kabupaten) of Bali, Indonesia. It has an area of 839.33 km2 and population of 386,850 (2000), rising to 420,913 in 2010 Census.  Its regency seat is Tabanan.  Tanah Lot is in Tabanan."
"Taze (Tant-Se) Burmese: တန့်ဆည် is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division in Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat for Taze Township."
"Toboali is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia. Toboali is the capital of the South Bangka Regency."
"Wonogiri is a regency (kabupaten) in the southeastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia.  It covers an area of 1,822.37 sq.km, and its population according to the latest (January 2014) estimate is 940,297; its capital is Wonogiri."
"Nouméa (French pronunciation: ​[numeˈa]) is the capital city of the French special collectivity of New Caledonia. It is situated on a peninsula in the south of New Caledonia's main island, Grande Terre, and is home to the majority of the island's European, Polynesian (Wallisians, Futunians, Tahitians), Indonesian, and Vietnamese populations, as well as many Melanesians, Ni-Vanuatu and Kanaks that work in one of the South Pacific's most industrialised cities. The city lies on a protected deepwater harbour which serves as the chief port for New Caledonia.At the Aug. 2014 census, there were 179,509 inhabitants in the metropolitan area of Greater Nouméa (French: agglomération du Grand Nouméa), 99,926 of whom lived in the city (commune) of Nouméa proper. 66.8% of the population of New Caledonia live in Greater Nouméa, which covers the communes of Nouméa, Le Mont-Dore, Dumbéa and Païta."
"Nueva Ciudad Guerrero (New Guerrero City) is a city in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It lies on the banks of the Rio Grande / Río Bravo, near the US–Mexico border, opposite to Falcon Heights, Texas. The Lake Falcon Dam International Crossing connects Falcon Heights with Nueva Ciudad Guerrero.It is located in Guerrero Municipality, Tamaulipas. The city's population at the 2010 census was 4,312 inhabitants, comprising 96.3% of its municipality population of 4,477 inhabitants."
"Nzérékoré, also spelled N'Zérékoré, is the second largest city in Guinea by population,  after the capital Conakry and the largest city in the Guinée Forestière region of south-eastern Guinea. The city is the capital of the Nzérékoré Prefecture. Nzérékoré is a commercial and economic center and lies approximately 354 miles/569 km southeast of Conakry.It was the centre of an uprising against French rule in 1911.  It is now known as a market town, and for its silverworking. The population was 107,329 in 1996 (census). Growing dramatically since the civil wars in neighboring Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Côte d'Ivoire, the 2008 estimated population is 300,000[2]."
"Ondjiva (pre-1975: Pereira d'Eça) is a town located in southern Angola.  It is the administrative capital of Cunene Province."
"Oranjestad (Dutch, literally ""Orange Town"") is the capital and largest city of Aruba. Oranjestad is located on the southern coast near the western end of the island country. In the local language, Papiamento, Oranjestad is often referred to simply as ""Playa"". In 2010 the population of the capital was estimated at just under 30,000."
"Tadjoura (Afar: Tagórri; Arabic: تاجورة‎ Tağūrah, Somali: Tajuura) is the oldest town in Djibouti and the capital of the Tadjourah Region. Lying on the Gulf of Tadjoura, it is home to a population of around 25,000 inhabitants. It is the third largest city in the country after Djibouti City and Ali Sabieh.Tadjoura has an airstrip and is linked by ferry with Djibouti City. It is also known for its whitewashed buildings and nearby beaches."
"Tal Afar  (pronounced /ta.la.fer/) (also Tal'Afar, Tall Afar, Tell Afar, Tel Afar) (Arabic:  تلعفر  or  تل عفر‎, Turkish: Telafer, is a city and district in northwestern Iraq in the Ninawa Governorate located approximately 50 km west of Mosul and 200 km north west of Kirkuk.While no official census data exists, the city which had been assessed to have a population of approximately 200,000, had dropped to 80,000 as of 2007, nearly all of whom are Iraqi Turkmen.  In Tal’Afar itself, the population is mostly Turkomen, about 75 percent of whom were Sunni Muslims, while a quarter were Shi’ites.  While most residents can speak Arabic, Iraqi Turkmen, a Turkic language, is the most common language used throughout the city."
"Zakynthos (Greek: Ζάκυνθος, also named in Italian language Zante or Zacinto) is a city and a former municipality on the island of Zakynthos, Ionian Islands, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Zakynthos, of which it is a municipal unit. It is the capital of the island of Zakynthos. Apart from the official name Zakynthos, it is also called Chora (i.e. the Town), a common denomination in Greece when the name of the island itself is the same as the name of the principal town.The municipal unit of Zákynthos lies in the easternmost part of the island and has a land area of 45.788 square kilometres (17.679 square miles) and a population of 16,810 at the 2011 census. It is subivided into the communities Zakynthos (pop. 9,773), Ampelokipoi (1,930), Argasi (1,266), Vasilikos (799), Gaitani (1,899) and Bochali (1,143). The municipal unit also includes the Strofades islands, which lie about 50 kilometres (31 miles) south of Zákynthos Island."
"Zouérat (Arabic: الزويرات‎) is the largest town in northern Mauritania and the capital of Tiris Zemmour region, with an approximate population of 44,649 (2012).  It lies at the eastern end of the Mauritania Railway to Nouadhibou."
"Zwedru is the capital of Grand Gedeh County, one of the 15 counties in the West African country of Liberia.  Zwedru is located in Tchien District of Grand Gedeh County, near the Cavalla River in the country's southeastern region and near the border with Côte d'Ivoire. It is located 350 miles southeast from the capital city of Monrovia. The town is a stronghold of the Krahn tribe.The town gets its name after the head of a local anteater creek. Zwedru is surrounded by a lot of forests, and lies in a tropical region. The northwestern section of Zwedru has an important forest region with rare bird species.Before the Liberian Civil War, Zwedru was known for timber production and its wood products industry. As of the 2008 census, Zwedru has a population of 23,903. Of this, 11,828 were male and 12,075 female."
"Muqdadiyah (Arabic: المقدادية‎) (also transliterated Al-Muqdadiyah, Muqdadia, Miqdadiyah) is a city in the Diyala Governorate of Iraq. The city is located at 33°58′43″N 44°56′13″E, about 80 km northeast of Baghdad and 30 km northeast of Baquba, the capital of Diyala. It has a population of about 298,000 inhabitants,The alternative name of the town is Shareban (kurdish: Şareban or شاره‌بان), mentioned as such in the works of the classical writers such as Ptolemy and Strabo. Sharaban stands for a satrap. This name is still used locally by the Kurds. As of late, however, the term Muqdadiyah has largely replaced the old name. ""Muqdadia"" stands for Persian and Kurdish ""Given by the Magi"" and parallels the name Baghdad, Persian and Kurdish for ""Given by the God"". This was a common style of naming towns in the Sassanian Persian. The towns of Shahdad and Bamdad (modern Bam) in Kirman are just two other examples of this naming convention.The family name 'al-Sharebani' can be found among Iraqi Jews in Israel who lived or their ancestors lived there.The local Shias believe that Muqdadiya is named after Miqdad ibn Aswad Al-Kindi (Arabic: مقداد بن الاسود الكندي) was one of the Sahabah of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. Miqdad is venerated by Shi'a Muslims as one of the Four Companions, early Muslims who were followers of Ali ibn Abi Talib. Miqdad ibn Aswad is among Shi'as regarded as one of the most respected Sahaba. He is mentioned in one Hadith regarding the perfect Shia, he was one of the Muhajirun and he is also among the List of Sahabah not giving Bay'ah to Abu Bakr. However, they fail to demonstrate exactly how this town is connected Miqdad ibn Aswad in order to be named after him."
"Musayyib (Arabic: المسيب‎) is a city in the Babil Province, Iraq. As of 2003, its population is 279,939. Musayyib sits on both the east and west banks of the Euphrates River, which splits into the Hindiya and Hilla branches just south of the city. Musayyib's municipal government has heavy representation from the Office of the Martyr Sadr, the political wing of Moqtada Sadr's Militia. There is a small minority representation by the Badr Corps as well.The city has had its occurrences of violence since the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom in March 2003. Most notably, the city experienced two large truck bombs - one on the Musayyib Bridge, which links Baghdad to Karbala, in late 2004 and one in the town center in 2005 that killed 90 people. Musayyib also saw the largest combat operation the US Army's 4th Infantry Division fought during its tour of duty in 2006. In July 2006, elements of the Mahdi Militia attacked a US patrol in the city after a dispute between the local Iraqi Police and Militia members. Elements of the 1st Battalion, 67th Armor Regiment, backed by the 2nd Battalion, 4th Brigade, 8th Iraqi Army Division and Iraqi Police Special Forces, counterattacked the defending militia members in the city and wrested control, killing 33 militiamen.Musayyib Hospital is the main hospital for the entire Musayyib District and one of two that accommodate overnight stays.  The US Army made major renovations to the hospital in December 2006, including upgrading its emergency and surgical rooms. The Women's and Children's Hospital sees 200 patients daily and on any given night there are 50 overnight patients.  The most common ailments for children are chest infections and diarrhea.  Minors receive free care and women pay 500 dinars for a ticket Many hospitals say that medical care is free because patients only have to provide a ticket, however the tickets usually cost 500 dinars.The Euphrates Pride is a bi-weekly newspaper that once had financial support from the US military.  The newspaper is pro Iraqi government and friendly to Coalition Forces but the CF do not attempt in any way to dictate its contents.  The newspaper is not yet self-sufficient and operates at a loss. The recent death of the publisher, Mr. Jawad Abdul Kadhum, may spell the paper's demise. Important civil engineering projects and factories in and around Musayyib include the Musayyib Power Plant, a chemical power plant employing approximately 1,000 Iraqis from the local area and an important bridge over the Euphrates that was partially destroyed in 2004 but reopened in 2006. South of Musayyib can be found the Hindiya Barrage. Awlād Muslim Mosque is located in the city."
"Néma is a town in southeastern Mauritania, close to the border with Mali. It is located at around 16°37′0″N 7°15′0″W at the eastern end of the Aoukar. It is the capital of Hodh Ech Chargui Region and of the Néma Department.While the urban population of Nema is approximately 50-60,000, the surrounding rural sites served by the city make it closer to 200,000.  Mauritanians value brousse, or country living, as a throwback to their nomadic roots.  ""The Road of Hope"", which stretches from the capital, Nouakchott, ends in Nema near the market quartier.  There are ten quartiers, sections, of the city, the oldest being Edelibu Quartier, northeast of the road.  Shovia Quartier, dating from the 1950s, is the only section south of the road."
"Nelspruit (UK /ˈnɛlsˌprɔɪt/) is a city in northeastern South Africa. It is the capital of the Mpumalanga province. Located on the Crocodile River, Nelspruit lies about 110 kilometres (68 mi) by road west of the Mozambique border and 330 kilometres (210 mi) east of Johannesburg. The city is also known by the disputed name Mbombela (/ˈmbɒmbɛlʌ/)."
"Painan is a coastal town that serves as the capital of the South Pesisir regency of West Sumatra, Indonesia."
"Palangkaraya is the capital of the Indonesian province Central Kalimantan, also famously known as Central Borneo situated between the Kahayan and the Sabangau rivers. The closest airport serving the city is Tjilik Riwut.The city had a population of 220,962 inhabitants at the 2010 Census (compared with 158,770 at the previous Census in 2000), with an average population density of 92.1 per km² (Indonesian Population Census 2010 results). The latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 236,601.The city was built in 1957 (Emergency Law 10/1957 on the establishment of the Autonomous Region Central Kalimantan Level I) on wilderness that opened through the Pahandut village alongside Kahayan river banks. Palangkaraya is the largest city by land area in Indonesia.Most of the area is still forested, including protected forests, nature conservation areas, and Tangkiling Forest."
"Pallini (Greek: Παλλήνη) is a suburban town and a municipality in East Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Gerakas. It is the seat of administration of the East Attica regional unit."
"Paraná (Spanish pronunciation: [paɾaˈna]) is the capital city of the Argentine province Entre Ríos, located on the eastern shore of the Paraná River, opposite the city of Santa Fe, capital of the neighbouring Santa Fe Province. The city has a population of 247,863 (2010 census [INDEC]).Paraná is not only the head of the provincial government, but also an important river port for the transshipment of cereals, cattle, fish, and lumber from the surrounding region. The principal industries installed are the manufacture of cement, furniture, and ceramics.The centre of the city gathers colonial churches, European styles such as that of the 3 de Febrero Theatre or the Government House, the mixed styles of the city's Cathedral, and modern towers like those near the Parque Urquiza park.The city is connected to the city of Santa Fe on the other side of the Entre Ríos by the Hernandarias Subfluvial Tunnel inaugurated in 1969.The General Justo José de Urquiza Airport (IATA PRA) at coordinates 31°47′07″S 60°28′09″W is 7.5 kilometres from the city, and services regular flights to Buenos Aires."
"Pekanbaru (Jawi: ڤكنبارو) is the capital of Riau, a province in Indonesia on the island of Sumatra. It has an area of 632.26 km² with a population of 950,571, making it Sumatra's third largest municipality, after Medan and Palembang, and the 8th-largest city in Indonesia after Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, Medan, Semarang, Makassar and Palembang.It is located by the Siak River, which drains to the Strait of Malacca that makes Pekanbaru has direct access to the busy strait and was long known as a trading port (the city name is derived from the Indonesian words of 'new market' or 'new town', ""pekan"" meaning 'market' or 'town', and ""baru"" meaning 'new'). The city is divided into 12 subdistricts (kecamatan). This city is served by the Sultan Syarif Kasim II International Airport and Sungai Duku Port that is located by the Siak River. A settlement has existed on the site since the 17th century. In the late 19th century, the city was developed to serve the coffee and coal industries, and the Dutch built roads to help ship goods to Singapore and Malacca - Malaysia"
"Pemalang Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) on the north coast of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is the town of Pemalang. The regency is bordered by the Java Sea in the north, in the east by Pekalongan Regency, by Purbalingga Regency in the south, and by Tegal Regency in the west. It covers an area of 1,118.03 sq.km, and had a population of 1,261,353 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 1,276,823."
"Pemba is a port city in Mozambique. It is the capital of the province of Cabo Delgado and lies on a peninsula in Pemba Bay.The town was founded by the Niassa Company in 1904 as Porto Amélia, after a queen of Portugal, at the peninsula's south western tip and has grown around a port.  The city is renowned for its Portuguese colonial architecture. It was renamed Pemba at the end of Portuguese rule, in 1975.The city's inhabitants are primarily Makondes, Macuas and Mwanis.  Local languages that are spoken are Kimwani and Macua, although Portuguese is widespread.In the centre of Pemba, there is an authentic local market or Souk, where arts and crafts, as well as traditional silverware can be bought.Pemba is also renowned as being a prime destination for water sport and diving enthusiasts as a coral reef lies close to the shore.  Pemba has increasingly become a tourist destination, particularly for upper-middle class Mozambicans and South Africans. There is now a weekly flight from Johannesburg to Pemba, a hotel, the Pemba Beach Hotel, restaurants, and other forms of entertainment. Pemba is the closest major city and airport for those who wish to visit Quirimbas Islands and Quirimbas National Park."
"Pereira is the capital city of the Colombian Department (governmental region) of Risaralda. It is located in the west of Colombia in the foothills of the Andes in a coffee producing area."
"Perquenco is a town and commune in southern Chile's Araucanía Region. The town was declared capital of the Kingdom of Araucanía and Patagonia by Orélie-Antoine de Tounens, but soon after it was occupied by Cornelio Saavedra Rodríguez who was in charge of the Chilean occupation of the Araucanía."
"Pliska (Bulgarian: Плиска, Old Church Slavonic: Пльсковъ, romanized: Plĭskovŭ) is the name of both the first capital of the First Bulgarian Empire and a small town (formerly village known as Aboba) situated 20 km Northeast of the provincial capital Shumen."
"Polewali is the capital of the Polewali Mandar Regency of West Sulawesi, Indonesia. It is best known as a site of the disappearance of the Adam Air Flight 574 occurred on January 1, 2007.It is a seaside town in the bank of Mandar gulf. Polewali is considered as the largest town in the province of West Sulawesi with number of population about 200,000 people."
"Popondetta is the capital of Oro (Northern) Province in Papua New Guinea.In 1951 the town became the focus of relief efforts after nearby Mount Lamington erupted and killed 4,000 people.Popondetta is near to Buna on the Northern Papua coast and is not far from the beginning of the Kokoda Trail, made famous during World War II.This area of New Guinea is home to the endangered Queen Alexandra's Birdwing, the world's largest butterfly."
"Probolinggo is a city on the north coast of East Java, Indonesia. It is surrounded on the landward side by Probolinggo Regency but is not part of the regency. Like most of northern East Java, the city has a large Madurese population in addition to many ethnically Javanese people. It is located on one of the major highways across Java, and has a harbor that is heavily used by fishing vessels.Under the Dutch East Indies colonial administration, especially in the 19th century, Probolinggo was a lucrative regional center for refining and exporting sugar, and sugar remains an important product of the area.The city is famous for its mangoes, locally called mangga manalagi. Strong dry-season winds from July to September, the angin gending, help the mango trees pollinate and are sometimes credited with being the source of the area's quality fruit. The city formerly produced grapes as well, but few grapes are grown in the area now.The motto of the city is Bestari which is an abbreviation of bersih (cleanliness), sehat (healthy), tertib (orderly), aman (safe), rapi (neat), and indah (beautiful)."
"Puerto Baquerizo Moreno is the capital of the Galápagos Province, in Ecuador. It is located along the southwestern coast of San Cristóbal, the easternmost island in the archipelago, and is the capital of San Cristóbal Canton."
"Puerto Carreño is the departmental capital, and a municipality, of the department of Vichada in the llanos of Colombia."
"Purwokerto is a town on the island of Java, Indonesia. It is the capital of Banyumas Regency, Central Java region. The population of the town at the 2010 Census was 233,951"
"Rethymno (Greek: Ρέθυμνο, [ˈreθimno], also Rethimno, Rethymnon, Réthymnon, and Rhíthymnos) is a city of approximately 40,000 people in Greece, the capital of Rethymno regional unit on the island of Crete. It was built in antiquity (ancient Rhithymna and Arsinoe), but was never a competitive Minoan centre. It was, however, strong enough to mint its own coins and maintain urban growth. One of these coins is today depicted as the crest of the town with two dolphins in a circle."
"Riobamba (Spanish pronunciation: [rioˈβamba], full name San Pedro de Riobamba) is the capital of the Chimborazo Province in central Ecuador, which is located at the Chambo River Valley of the Andes. It is 200 km (120 mi) south of Ecuador's capital Quito and located at 2754 m on the Avenue of the Volcanoes. The city is an important regional transport center as well as being a stop on the Pan-American Highway that runs through Ecuador. Riobamba stands as one of the largest cities in the central portion of Ecuador's Sierra region."
"Riohacha, Rio Hacha or Rio de la Hacha rarely called Ahcaóir or Ahcaoir in English and lonic (English: River of the Axe or Axeshore - Wayuu: Süchiimma, ""Süchii"" means river, and ""mma"" means land, Riverland), is a city in the Riohacha Municipality in the northern Caribbean Region of Colombia by the mouth of the Ranchería River and the Caribbean sea, capital city of the La Guajira Department. Founded by conquistador Nikolaus Federmann in 1535, Riohacha was named after a local legend ""The legend of the Axe"". Owing to the powerful rain shadow of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta, the area is mostly desertic and inhabited by Amerindians, predominantly by members of the Wayuu ethnic group. During colonial times Riohacha was a very important port due to the discovery of vast numbers of pearls. In the second half of the 20th Century, the city became one of Colombia's medium important, maritime commercial ports as well as a multicultural center for La Guajira Department. The city is mentioned several times in the novel One Hundred Years of Solitude, and seven times in the novel Chronicle of a Death Foretold, both written by Gabriel García Márquez."
"São Borja is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.  São Borja is the oldest municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul and was founded in 1682 by the Jesuits as the first of the Seven Points of the Missions, and named São Francisco de Borja, in honor of Saint Francis Borgia. It is situated on the Western Frontier of Rio Grande do Sul on the border with Argentina which is defined by the Uruguai river.São Borja is known as the Land of the Presidents as it is the birthplace of two Brazilian Presidents: Getúlio Vargas (1882-1954) and João Goulart (1919-1976).The city is linked to the argentinian city of Santo Tomé through the Integration Bridge.The city is served by São Borja Airport."
"São Tomé (population 56,166 in 2005) is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe and is by far that nation's largest town.  Its name is Portuguese for ""Saint Thomas""."
"Ségou (also Segou, Segu, Seku) is a town and an urban commune in south-central Mali that lies 235 kilometres (146 mi) northeast of Bamako on the River Niger. The town is the capital of the Ségou Cercle and the Ségou Region. With 130,690 inhabitants in 2009, it is the fifth-largest town in Mali.The village of Ségou-Koro, 10 km upstream of the present town, was established in the 17th century and became the capital of the Bambara Empire."
"Sélibaby is a capital town  and department of the Guidimaka Region, Mauritania. It is located at around 15°9′33″N 12°11′00″W.  It is divided into a number of ""quartiers"" which include ""College"", ""Silo"", 'Ferlo""  and ""Bambaradougou"" amongst many others.  Selibaby also has a regional hospital, funded by the Chinese government and partially staffed by Chinese doctors and is the headquarters of the regional director of health.  Selibaby is a centre for NGO's who operate in the region."
"Saipan /saɪˈpæn/ is the largest island of the Northern Mariana Islands,  a commonwealth of the United States in the western Pacific Ocean. According to the 2010 United States Census, Saipan's population was 48,220.The Commonwealth's center of government is located in the village of Capital Hill on the island. As the entire island is organized as a single municipality, most publications term Saipan as the Commonwealth's capital.The current Mayor of Saipan is Marian Tudela, who was sworn into office on June 2, 2014."
"For other meanings of Salò or Salo see Salo (disambiguation). For the movie by Pier Paolo Pasolini, see Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom.Salò is a town and comune in the Province of Brescia in the region of Lombardy (northern Italy) on the banks of Lake Garda, on which it has the longest promenade. The city was the seat of government of the Italian Social Republic from 1943 to 1945, with the ISR often being called the ""Republic of Salò"" (Repubblica di Salò in Italian)."
"Salatiga is a city in Central Java, Indonesia and located between the cities of Semarang and Surakarta. It sits at the foot of Mount Merbabu (3,142 m) and Mount Telomoyo, and has a relatively cool climate due to its elevated position."
"San José del Guaviare is a town and municipality in Colombia, capital of the department of Guaviare by the Guaviare River. It is home to some of the deisolated Nunak people."
"Sanana (earlier name Xulla Besi ) is an island, part of Sula Islands which is part of Maluku Islands in Indonesia. It is also the name of that island's largest settlement, home to the Dutch era fort Benteng De Verlachting."
"Sanniquellie is a city and the capital of Nimba County and Sanniquellie-Mah District, Liberia. It is located in the north-east of the country at coordinates 07°21'49"" N  008°42'40"" W. The average altitude of the city is 420 metres above the sea level. As of the 2008 national census, the population stood at 11,415. The most represented tribes are Mano, Gio and Mandingo.Sanniquellie is situated on the unpaved road connecting Yekepa, Ganta, Gbarnga, Kakata, and Monrovia. The average rainy season lasts from May to October, dry season from mid-October to April/May. The coldest month is the second half of December and first half of January. The main religion is Christianity (Catholics, Adventists, Methodists) and Islam. You can also find Jehovah's Witnesses and some minor churches there.The city is divided to quarters and communities (Main Street, Bonnah Suah Compound, Charlie Kpowin Community, Veinpa, Dokie Quarter, Dahnlopa, Animal Farm, Airfield Zone 1, Airfield Zone 2, Old Barracks, New Barracks, Gono Quarter, Floyd Island, Plumcor community, Underground Community).  An important concern is the issue of ex-combatants, as some of them did not benefit from the reintegration programs (DDRR) and some of those are facing the troubles to find stable employment in the rural economy.  Many have turned to commercial motorcycling and other forms of tertiary sector employment, but for a small number of them crime is how they earn their daily bread."
"Sekondi-Takoradi, a city comprising the twin cities of Sekondi and Takoradi, is the capital of Sekondi Takoradi Metropolitan District and the Western Region of Ghana. Sekondi-Takoradi is the region's largest city and an industrial and commercial centre, with a population of 445,205 people (2012).The chief industries in Sekondi-Takoradi are timber, plywood, shipbuilding and railway repair, and recently, sweet crude oil and crude oil. Sekondi-Takoradi lies on the main railway lines to Kumasi and Accra."
"Singaraja is a town in northern Bali, Indonesia, which serves as the seat of Buleleng Regency. The name is Indonesian for ""Lion King"" (from Sanskrit simha and raja). It is on the north coast just east of Lovina. It has an area of 27.98 km² and population of 80,500.Singaraja was the Dutch colonial administrative centre for Bali and the Lesser Sunda Islands from 1849 until 1953, and the port of arrival for most visitors until development of the Bukit Peninsula area in the south.  Singaraja was also an administrative center for the Japanese during their World War II occupation.Gedong Kirtya, just south of the town centre, is the only library of lontar manuscripts (ancient and sacred texts on leaves of the rontal palm) in the world."
"Siret (Romanian pronunciation: [siˈret]; German: Sereth; Polish: Seret; Hungarian: Szeretvásár) is a town in Suceava County, north-eastern Romania. It is situated in the historical region of Bukovina. Siret is the eleventh largest urban settlement in the county, with a population of 7,721 inhabitants, according to the 2011 census. It is one of the oldest towns in Romania and it was the capital of the former principality of Moldavia, in the late 14th century. The town administers two villages: Mănăstioara and Pădureni."
"Serei Saophoan (Khmer: សិរីសោភ័ណ, Khmer pronunciation: [seʔrǝi saopʰoə̯n]) is the provincial capital of Banteay Meanchey, Cambodia.  The city separates Cambodia's National Highway 5 and National Highway 6. The final syllables of both ""Serei"" and ""Saophoan"" are difficult for non-Khmer to pronounce, so often the town's name is transliterated as ""Sisophon"", even on Cambodian signs.  Its population is 61,482 in the 1998 census, changing little to 61,631 in the 2008 census having been overtaken by Poipet in size.About forty minutes from Sisophon there is a Khmer temple ruin called Banteay Chmar."
"Slawi is the administrative centre of the Tegal Regency of the province of Central Java, Indonesia. Slawi is known for the production of a particularly fragrant black tea and the tea drinking culture known as Moci."
"Tôlanaro or Tolagnaro (Malagasy: Tôlan̈aro [tolaˈŋarʷ]) is a city (commune urbaine) on the southeast coast of Madagascar. It is the capital of the Anosy Region and of the Tôlanaro District. It has been a port of local importance since the early 1500s, and a new port, the Port d'Ehola, has been built by QMM and the World Bank. Formerly Fort Dauphin, it was the first French settlement in Madagascar."
"Tanta (Egyptian Arabic: طنطا Ṭanṭa  pronounced [ˈtˤɑntˤɑ]) is a city in Egypt. It is the country's fifth largest populated area, with an estimated 429,000 inhabitants (2008). Tanta is located 94 km (58 mi) north of Cairo and 130 km (81 mi) southeast of Alexandria. The capital of the Gharbia Governorate, it is a centre for the cotton-ginning industry and the main railroad hub of the Nile Delta."
"Tapaktuan is a town in the southwest of Aceh province. The city is the capital (seat of the government) of South Aceh Regency."
"Tauragė (About this sound pronunciation ; see other names) is an industrial city in Lithuania, and the capital of Tauragė County. In 2011, its population was 26,444. Tauragė is situated on the Jūra River, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast, and not far from the Baltic Sea coast.Tauragė received its city charter in 1932, and its coat of arms (a silver hunting horn in a red field) in 1997. Notable buildings in the city include the neo-Gothic Radziwiłł palace - ""the castle"" (currently housing a school and regional museum Santaka) and several churches: the Lutheran (built in 1843), the Orthodox (1853) and the Catholic churches (1904). A ceramics manufacturing plant operates in the city."
"Telšiai (About this sound pronunciation , known also by several alternative names), is a city in Lithuania with about 30,000 inhabitants. It is the capital of Telšiai County and Samogitia region, and it is located on the shores of Lake Mastis.Telšiai is one of the oldest cities in Lithuania, probably dating earlier than the 14th century.  Between the 15th and 20th centuries, Telšiai became a district capital and between 1795 and 1802 it was included in the Vilnius region. In 1873, Telšiai was transferred to the Kaunas region."
"See also Thiess/Thies (name).Thiès (pronounced  : chess in Noon language) is the third largest city in Senegal with a population officially estimated at 320,000 in 2005. It lies 72 km east of Dakar on the N2 road and at the junction of railway lines to Dakar, Bamako and St-Louis. It is the capital of Thiès Region and is a major industrial city."
"Toluca [toˈluka], officially called Toluca de Lerdo [toˈluka ðe ˈlerðo], is the state capital of Mexico State as well as the seat of the Municipality of Toluca. It is the center of a rapidly growing urban area, now the fifth largest in Mexico. It is located 63 kilometres (39 mi) west-southwest of Mexico City and only about 40 minutes by car to the western edge of the Distrito Federal. According to the 2010 census, the city of Toluca has a population of 819,561. The city is the fifth largest in Mexico in population. The municipality of Toluca, along with thirteen other municipalities, make up the metropolitan population of 1,775,337 in Greater Toluca as of 2009, making it the fifth most populous metropolitan area in Mexico."
"Tomislavgrad (pronounced [tǒmislaʋgrâːd]), also known by its former name Duvno [dǔːʋno], is a town and municipality in southwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina and also seat of the Assembly of Canton 10 of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Tomislavgrad is in northern Herzegovina."
"Tomohon is a city in North Sulawesi Province (Sulawesi Utara), in central Indonesia. Tomohon was a part of the Minahasa Regency in North Sulawesi. There was a time when the inhabitants felt the necessity of upgrading the status of their residence into an autonomous city on behalf of its approach to community service. Tomohon officially became a city in 2003 by the passage of the Act of Republic Indonesia No. 10 of 2003 about the establishment of South Minahasa Regency and Tomohon city within North Sulawesi Province and was inaugurated on August 4, 2003. Tomohon is known for flower planting at people's homes. Nearby is the volcano Gunung Lokon or Mount Lokon and Mount Empung. Tomohon is also known for wooden-house production, palm-sugar (aren ) production, vegetable agriculture, as a center of Christian Ministry, and as a student town. Tomohon also has a local TV station, TV 5 Dimensi, with services available to 2.5 million viewers in North Sulawesi."
"Torit is a town in South Sudan."
"Tubmanburg, also known as Bomi and formerly known as Vaitown, is the capital of Bomi County in Liberia.  It lies in the Bomi Hills northwest of Monrovia and was an iron ore and diamond mining centre until is was largely destroyed in the First Liberian Civil War.  During the Second Liberian Civil War, it was the headquarters of the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy rebel group. Most residents are members of Vai tribe.A key attraction is Blue Lake, also known as Bomi Lake. Blue Lake is about 300 feet deep. It is suspended midway between the peaks of the surrounding mountains which, with the sun’s reflection, give the lake its blue hue. The waters spring from a huge pit dug by the Liberia Mining Company, an American-owned company that ceased operations in the country because of the presumed depletion of iron ore in the area.As of the 2008 census, Tubmanburg has an estimated population of 13,144. Of this, 6,555 were male and 6,559 female.The town is populated predominantly by the Gola ethnic group, which hails from Bomi County.  The town also has a significant Mandingo and Vai population.During the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa a treatment center was opened in the town with the assistance of the United States."
"""Tulcan"" is also an alternative spelling of tulchanTulcán is the capital of the province of Carchi in Ecuador. The population of Tulcán is approximately 60,400. Tulcán is known for its hot springs, deep wells, and a 3-acre topiary garden cemetery, the most elaborate topiary in the New World, created in Cupressus sempervirens by José Maria Azael Franco in 1936. The city is the highest in Ecuador, at 2,950 m (9,680 ft) above sea level."
"Uíge (briefly Carmona) is a provincial capital city in northwestern Angola located in the province of the same name. It  grew from a small market centre in 1945 to becoming a city in 1956."
"Vanimo is the capital of Sandaun Province in Papua New Guinea. It is located on a peninsula close to the border with Indonesia.Vanimo is a small township with an economy based around the timber industry. Logging company Vanimo Forest Products, which is owned by Malaysian company Rimbunan Hijau, is the chief employer.Vanimo is known to be a great surfing destination. It has a reputation of having the most consistent waves in Papua New Guinea. Surfing season is mid October through to late April.Vanimo also is a popular destination for foreign workers in Papua/Indonesia who need to leave the country in order to renew their visas. In this case they come over for a day to visit the Indonesian consulate, stay in one of the hotels along the ""sundaun-road"" and head back to the border 24 hours later.The boardriders' club at Lido Village were the subject of a report on Australia's Dateline current affairs program."
"Velasco was a town in Texas, United States, that was later annexed by the city of Freeport.  Founded in 1831, Velasco is situated on the east side of the Brazos River in southeast Texas. It is sixteen miles south of Angleton, Texas, and four miles from the Gulf of Mexico.The town's early history is closely tied with the Battle of Velasco and the Texas Revolution. Velasco was an important entry point for American settlers in Texas. In 1836 following the decisive Battle of San Jacinto, Velasco was named a temporary capital of the Republic of Texas by the interim President David G. Burnet.  In 1837, the final actions of the Battle of Brazos River occurred there."
"Villavicencio (Spanish pronunciation: [biʎaβiˈsensjo]) is a city and municipality in Colombia, capital of Meta department, with 361,058 inhabitants (2005 census). The city is located at 4°08'N, 73°40'W, 75 km (about 45 m) southeast of the Colombian capital city of Bogotá (DC) by the Guatiquía River. It is affectionally called ""Villavo"".Lying in a rural zone of tropical climate, Villavicencio is on the great Colombian-Venezuelan plain called Los Llanos, which is situated to the east of the Andes mountains. Villavicencio is also called ""La Puerta al Llano"", or ""The Gateway to the Plains"", due to its location on the historical path from the Colombian interior to the vast savannas that lie between the Andes range and the Amazon rainforest.Villavicencio's proximity to huge mountains and great plains make the city an example of Colombia's geodiversity. Because it is located in the foothills of the Andes, the morning and evening breezes cool the city that is very hot for most of the day."
"Waingapu is the largest town on the island of Sumba, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. It is the capital town of the Regency of Sumba Timur. Sumba Timur's Waingapu Airport 'Umbu Mehang Kunda' (IATA: WGP - ICAO: WRRW) is located in Waingapu, and the town is served by ferries from nearby islands. The sub-district town has a population of about 52,755 inhabitants."
"Wete is a town located on the Tanzanian island of Pemba. It is the capital of Pemba North Region, as well as the administrative seat for Wete District. It lies on the west side of the north part of the island. The town has an 2013 estimated population of 29,606.To the southwest of Wete Harbour, about a kilometre away, is the small island of Matambwe, site of Shirazi ruins of a medieval town.The harbor at Wete was a major port-of-entry for Pemba; however, in recent years it has been mostly superseded by Mkoani."
"Wewak is the capital of the East Sepik province of Papua New Guinea.  It is located on the northern coast of the island of New Guinea.  It is the largest town between Madang and Jayapura. It is the see city (seat) of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wewak."
"Xianyang (simplified Chinese: 咸阳; traditional Chinese: 咸陽; pinyin: Xiányáng; IPA: [ɕjɛ̌n.jɑ̌ŋ]) was the capital of China in the Qin dynasty.  It is a prefecture in modern-day Shaanxi province, on the Wei River, and is located a few kilometers upstream (west) from Xi'an. Integrated into the Xi'an metropolitan area, one of the main urban agglomerations in inland China, with more than 7.17 million inhabitants, its built-up area made of 2 urban districts (Qindu and Weicheng) was 945,420 inhabitants at the 2010 census. It has a total area of 10,213 square kilometres (3,943 sq mi)."
"Yasuj (Persian: ياسوج‎; also Romanized as Yāsūj, Yasooj, and Yesūj; Lurish language: یاسووج or یاسیچ - Jasuc and Jasyç) is a city in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96,786, in 20,297 families.Yasuj is an industrial city in the Zagros Mountains of southwestern Iran. The term ""Yasuj"" is also used to refer to the entire region.Yasuj has both a sugar processing plant and a coal-burning powerplant that generates electricity for the area.The people of Yasuj speak Luri, one of the western Iranian languages."
"Yeha (Ge'ez ይሐ yiḥa, older ESA 12px12px ḤW) is a town in northern Ethiopia, located in the Mehakelegnaw Zone of the Tigray Region. The Central Statistical Agency has not published an estimate for this village's 2005 population."
"Yenagoa is a Local Government Area in Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Yenagoa (the State capital) in the south of the area at4°55′29″N 6°15′51″E.The LGA has an area of 706 km² and a population of 353,344 at the 2006 census.The postal code of the area is 561.Yenagoa is the traditional home of the Ijaw people.  The Ijaw form the majority of the Bayelsa State. English is the official language, but Epie/Atissa language, one of the Ijo languages, is the major local language spoken in Yenagoa.Since attaining the status of state capital in 1996, construction and other activities have accelerated appreciably.  Yenagoa's population is estimated at about 266,008 people. It is the home of the Bayelsa United FC, a premier league football club."
"Muʻa is a small town in the Hahake (eastern) district on the island of Tongatapu, and it was for centuries the ancient capital of Tonga. It is divided in the villages Lapaha and Tatakamotonga, is close to Talasiu and famous for the ancient langi (royal burial tombs)."
"Nagaoka-kyō (長岡京) was the capital of Japan from 784 to 794. Its location was reported as Otokuni District, Yamashiro Province, and Nagaokakyō, Kyoto, which took its name from the capital. Parts of the capital were in what is now the city of Nagaokakyō, while other parts were in the present-day Mukō and Nishikyō-ku, the latter of which belongs to the city of Kyoto. In 784, the Emperor Kammu moved the capital from Nara (then called Heijō). According to the Shoku Nihongi, his reason for moving was that the new location had better water transportation routes. Other explanations have been given, including the wish to escape the power of the Buddhist clergy and courtiers, and the backing of the immigrants from whom his mother was descended.In 785, the administrator in charge of the new capital, Fujiwara no Tanetsugu, was assassinated. The emperor's brother, Prince Sawara, was implicated, exiled to Awaji Province, and died on the way there. In 794, Emperor Kammu moved the capital to Heian (in the center of the present-day city of Kyoto). Reasons cited for this move include frequent flooding of the rivers that had promised better transportation; disease caused by the flooding, affecting the empress and crown prince; and fear of the spirit of the late Prince Sawara. Excavations begun in 1954 revealed the remains of a gate to the imperial residence."
"Ye or Yecheng (simplified Chinese: 邺城; traditional Chinese: 鄴城; pinyin: Yèchéng; Wade–Giles: Yeh4-ch'eng2) was an ancient Chinese city located in what is now Linzhang County, Handan, Hebei province and neighbouring Anyang, Henan province.Ye was first built in the Spring and Autumn Period by Duke Huan of Qi, and by the time of the Warring States period the city belonged to the state of Wei.  Ye was a political and economic center of China during the Three Kingdoms Period and Northern Dynasties. It served as the military headquarters of the warlords Yuan Shao and Cao Cao in the last years of the Eastern Han Dynasty.In the 490s, Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei, also known as Xiao Wendi, moved his capital from Pingcheng (平城, in modern Datong, Shanxi)  to the former capital city of Luoyang. This move was not welcomed by all. Antagonism grew between Xiao Wen Di and his sinicized court and those who preferred to cling to the traditional Tuoba tribal ways, and it only increased with further changes calling for the abandonment of Tuoba dress and names. Eventually, under the leadership of Gao Huan (""the Chinese general who had all but become a Tuoba Turk in outlook""), the sinicization-dissenting 'northern garrisons' mutinied and captured Luoyang in 534. ""At three days' notice its inhabitants were required to accompany Gao Huan to his own base, the city of Ye...where he declared himself the first Eastern Wei emperor.""  ""During most of the sixth century Ho-pei [Hebei] [was] the heart of an independent state with its capital at Yeh [Ye]...."" It remained the capital of the Eastern Wei Dynasty and the Northern Qi Dynasty until it was razed to the ground in 580, after Yang Jian, founder of the Sui Dynasty, defeated a resistance force led by Yuchi Jiong, which used Ye as a base of operations.Some scholars, such as Ku Chi-kuang believed that Hebei and the region continued to harbour separatist sympathies into the Tang Dynasty; it was the region from which An Lushan launched his rebellion during the reign of the Tang Emperor Xuanzong.Extensive excavations of the city have been made in recent years, allowing Chinese historians to make detailed plans of the site. In 2012, archaeologists unearthed nearly 3,000 Buddha statues during a dig outside of Ye. Most of the statues are made of white marble and limestone, and could date back to the Eastern Wei and Northern Qi dynasties 534-577 CE)."
"Blora Regency is a regency in the northeastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Blora. This regency is located at the easternmost of Central Java province, and is bordered by Bengawan Solo River with East Java province."
"Timika is a chartered city (kota), and the capital of Mimika Regency of Papua, Indonesia."
"Fenghao (simplified Chinese: 沣镐; traditional Chinese: 灃鎬; pinyin: Fēnghào) is the modern name of the twin city formed by the Western Zhou capitals of Feng and Hao on opposite banks of the Feng River near its confluence with the Wei River in Shaanxi, China."
"Tri Tôn is an urban municipality (trấn thuộc huyện) and town in the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province, Vietnam."
"Kyunsu, better known as Kanmaw, is a small town in the Mergui Archipelago of southeastern Burma. It is the principal town of Kyunsu Township in Myeik District  which since 1990 has covered much of the archipelago. The town lies on the northeastern coast of Kanmaw Kyun, southwest of Myeik (Mergui)."
"Khanbaliq or Dadu was the capital of the Yuan dynasty, the main center of the Mongol Empire founded by Kublai Khan and in what is now Beijing, also the capital of China until this day. Its Secretariat (中書省) directly administered the Central Region (腹裏) of the Yuan Empire (comprising present-day Hebei, Shandong, Shanxi, and parts of Henan and Inner Mongolia) and dictated policies for the other provinces. The Great Khan also claimed sovereignty over the entire Mongolian Empire, although in practice that had already fragmented into a number of other hordes since the death of Möngke Khan. Khanbaliq was located at the center of modern Beijing, the capital of China."
"For the other town in Hsawlaw Township known as Sawlaw, see Tsawlaw.Hsawlaw (Burmese: ဆော့လောမြို့) is a town and seat of the Hsawlaw Township in the Kachin State in northeast Burma."
"Kyain Seikgyi is a town in the Kayin State of southeastern Burma (Myanmar), located on the Zami River. It is the administrative seat for Kyain Seikgyi Township."
"Nganzun is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar. It is the seat of Nganzun Township"
"Thandanggyi is a town in the Kayin State of south Myanmar."
"The capital of Brazil is Brasília."
"Chillicothe (/ˌtʃɪlɨˈkɒθiː/ CHIL-ə-KOTH-ee) is a city in and the county seat of Ross County, Ohio, United States. It is a part of Greater Columbus Metropolitan Area.The population was 21,901 at the 2010 census. It is the only city in Ross County and the center of the Chillicothe Micropolitan Statistical Area (as defined by the United States Census Bureau in 2003).Chillicothe is a designated Tree City USA by the National Arbor Day Foundation."
"Xalapa (often spelled Jalapa, and archaically in English Halapa)  (/həˈlɑːpə/; Spanish pronunciation: [xaˈlapa] (13px ); officially Xalapa-Enríquez [xaˈlapa enˈrikes]), is the capital city of the Mexican state of Veracruz and the name of the surrounding municipality. In the year 2005 census the city reported a population of 387,879 and the municipality of which it serves as municipal seat reported a population of 413,136. The municipality has an area of 118.45 km². Xalapa lies near the geographic center of the state and is the second-largest city in the state after the city of Veracruz to the north."
"Adamstown is the only settlement on, and as such, the capital of, the Pitcairn Islands."
"A capital city or capital town (or simply capital) is the municipality  enjoying primary status in a state, country, province, or other region, usually as its seat of government. A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution. In some jurisdictions, including several countries, the different branches of government are located in different settlements. In some cases, a distinction is made between the official (constitutional) capital and the seat of government, which is in another place."
"The City of San Marino (Italian: Città di San Marino), also known simply as San Marino or locally as Città, is the capital city of the Republic of San Marino located on the Italian peninsula, near the Adriatic Sea. The city has a population of 4,128. It is on the western slopes of San Marino's highest point, Monte Titano."
"Fayetteville (/ˈfeɪətˌvɪl/) is a city in Cumberland County, North Carolina, United States. It is the county seat of Cumberland County, and is best known as the home of Fort Bragg, a major U.S. Army installation northwest of the city.Fayetteville has received the prestigious All-America City Award from the National Civic League three times. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 200,564, with an estimated population of 204,408 in 2013. It currently ranks as the sixth-largest municipality in North Carolina. Fayetteville is in the Sandhills in the western part of the Coastal Plain region, on the Cape Fear River.With an estimated population in 2013 of 377,193, the Fayetteville metropolitan area is the largest in southeastern North Carolina, and the fifth-largest in the state. Suburban areas of metro Fayetteville include Fort Bragg, Hope Mills, Spring Lake, Raeford, Pope Field, Rockfish, Stedman, and Eastover. Fayetteville's current mayor is Nat Robertson, who is serving his first term."
"Harrisburg is a community that is now (originally documented as Harrisburgh then shortened to Harrisburg in 1892) located within the city of Houston, Texas, United States.The community is located east of Downtown Houston, south of the Brays Bayou and Buffalo Bayou junction, and west of Brady's Island. It was founded before 1825 on the eastern stretches of the Buffalo Bayou in present-day Harris County, Texas, on land belonging to John Richardson Harris. In 1926, Harrisburg was annexed into the city of Houston. The original name of Harris County was Harrisburg (Harrisburgh) County until it was shortened after the demise of the City of Harrisburg.John Nova Lomax of the Houston Press said that Harrisburg has ""a purple, bright blue or yellow cantina on every corner, sometimes several"" and that ""you just felt like you were in a border town"" in a 2008 article."
"Huntsville is a city located primarily in Madison County in the central part of the far northern region of the State of Alabama. Huntsville is the county seat of Madison County. The city extends west into neighboring Limestone County. Huntsville's population was 180,105 as of the 2010 census. The Huntsville Metropolitan Area's population was 417,593. Huntsville is the fourth-largest city in Alabama and the largest city in the five-county Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area, which at the 2013 census estimate had a total population of 683,871.  In 2013, the Huntsville metropolitan area became the 2nd largest in Alabama with a population of 435,737.It grew across nearby hills north of the Tennessee River, adding textile mills, then munitions factories, NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command nearby at the Redstone Arsenal. The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its ""America's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010"" list."
"Kingston /ˈkɪŋstən/ is a city in and the county seat of Ulster County, New York, USA. It is 91 miles (146 km) north of New York City and 59 miles (95 km) south of Albany. It became New York's first capital in 1777, and was burned by the British on October 13, 1777, after the Battles of Saratoga. In the 19th century, the city became an important transport hub after the discovery of natural cement in the region, and had both railroad and canal connections. Passenger rail service has since ceased, and many of the older buildings are part of three historic districts, such as the Stockade District uptown, the Midtown Neighborhood Broadway Corridor, and the Rondout-West Strand Historic District downtown."
"Kingston (Norf'k laengwij Daun a'Taun) is the capital of the Australian South Pacific Territory of Norfolk Island.  The vice-regal, legislative, administrative and judicial offices are all located in Kingston. The town is the second-oldest in Australia, and is of great historical and cultural significance to all Norfolk Islanders and other Australians."
"Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Roane County, Tennessee, United States, and is adjacent to Watts Bar Lake. Kingston, with a population of 5,934 at the 2010 United States census, is included in the Harriman Micropolitan Statistical Area."
"Lamia (Greek: Λαμία, Lamía, pronounced [laˈmia]) is a city in central Greece. The city dates back to antiquity, and is today the capital of the regional unit of Phthiotis and of the Central Greece region (comprising five regional units)."
"Louisville is a city in Jefferson County, Georgia, United States. It was an early capital of Georgia and is the county seat of Jefferson County. It is located southwest of Augusta on the Ogeechee River, and its population was 2,712 at the 2000 census. Though the name is of French origin, it is pronounced ""Lewis-ville.""Louisville was laid out in 1786 as the prospective state capital. Georgia became a state in 1788. Savannah had served as the colonial capital; but it was considered too far from the center of the growing state. Louisville was named for Louis XVI, who was still the King of France and had aided the Continentals during the successful American Revolution. Development of the city began later, and its state government buildings were completed in 1795. The city of Louisville served as the state capital of Georgia from 1796 to 1806.The Jefferson County courthouse, built in 1904, stands on the site of Georgia's first permanent capitol building.Louisville's historic market house still stands in the center of downtown. The original market had sections for everything from farm produce and household goods to slaves. The market square became the hub of the transportation routes that centered on Louisville while the town was the state's capital.As a small city and county seat, the city now has few major businesses and industries. Queensborough National Bank and Trust Company was founded in 1902 and is currently headquartered in Louisville, on U.S. Highway 1.A marker dedicated to the Yazoo land scandal is located in front of the county courthouse."
"Macon /ˈmeɪkən/ is a city located in central Georgia, United States. Founded at the fall line of the Ocmulgee River, it is part of the Macon metropolitan area, and is the county seat of Bibb County. Macon is also the largest city in the Macon-Warner Robins Combined Statistical Area with a population of 417,473 and abuts the Atlanta metropolitan area just to the north. It lies near the geographic center of Georgia, approximately 85 miles (137 km) south of Atlanta, hence the city's nickname as the Heart of Georgia. After voters approved the consolidation of Macon and Bibb County in 2012, Macon became Georgia's fourth-largest city (just after Augusta), with a population of 155,369 based on 2010 Census figures for Bibb County. Macon is served by three interstate highways: I-16 (connecting the city to Savannah and coastal Georgia), I-75 (connecting the city with Atlanta to the north and Florida to the south), and I-475 (a city bypass highway).The city has several institutions of higher education, as well as numerous museums and tourism sites. The area is served by the Middle Georgia Regional Airport and the Herbert Smart Downtown Airport. The mayor of Macon is Robert Reichert, a former Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives. Reichert was elected mayor of the newly consolidated city of Macon-Bibb and took office on January 1, 2014."
"Matupi  (Burmese: မတူပီမြို့) is a town in Chin State in western Burma (Myanmar), in Southeast Asia.Matupi is the second capital city, one of the townships of Chin State of West Myanmar, southeast Asia. Matupi, formerly known as Batupuei or Batu Village before it was promoted to the status of township, occupies a large portion of land and includes over 100 major villages in the southern part of Chin State. The name Matupi is directly derived from Batupuei; however, due to misreading of the spellings: Ba into Ma and Puei into Pi in Burmese characters, Matupi appeared to be the widely used name without any historical significance in its terminology. The Matupi (Chin) tribe is one of the biggest tribes among the Kuki-Chin-Mizo. From the very beginning all the Chins including Kuki, Mizo, Zomi, Naga, Laimi, and Asho, Kcho and Khumi had lived on hillsides or riverbanks, constituting villages or groups. Among the villages, Matupi (formerly known as Batu Village) was the biggest and most populous. The British Gazette mentioned that there were over 1,000 living in houses including paddy barns in the village Batupuei between 1900 and 1930. Hakha book recorded that during those days “Matupi” was the biggest and most populous village in the Chin Hills."
"Murfreesboro is a city in and the county seat of Rutherford County, Tennessee. The population was 108,755 according to the 2010 census, up from 68,816 residents certified during the 2000 census. The city is the center of population of Tennessee and is part of the Nashville metropolitan area, which includes thirteen counties and a population of 1,757,912 (2013). It is Tennessee's fastest growing major city and one of the fastest growing cities in the country. Murfreesboro is also home to Middle Tennessee State University, the largest undergraduate university in the state of Tennessee, with an undergraduate population of 22,299 and 25,188 total students as of 2009.In 2006, Murfreesboro was ranked by Money as the 84th best place to live in the United States, out of 745 cities with a population over 50,000."
"New York – often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part – is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.On one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State. The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2013 population of 8,405,837 distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2013 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (19.9 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.5 million residents). In 2013, the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.39 trillion, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve nations and eleven nations, respectively.New York traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626. The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664. New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. It has been the country's largest city since 1790. The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to America by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known to the city's approximately 55 million annual visitors. Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world. Times Square, iconified as ""The Crossroads of the World"", is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District, one of the world's busiest pedestrian intersections, and a major center of the world's entertainment industry. The names of many of the city's bridges, skyscrapers, and parks are known around the world. New York City's financial district, anchored by Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, has been called the world's leading financial center, and the city is home to the world's two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world. Manhattan's Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city. Providing continuous 24/7 service, the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 468 stations in operation. New York City's higher education network comprises over 120 colleges and universities, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world."
"Pittsburg is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.  The population was 869 at the 2010 census. It is the northernmost town in New Hampshire and the largest town by area in the state – and in New England as well – more than twice the size of the next largest town, Lincoln. U.S. Route 3 is the only major highway in the town, although the northern terminus of New Hampshire Route 145 also lies within Pittsburg.Pittsburg is part of the Berlin, NH–VT Micropolitan Statistical Area."
"Plymouth was the capital of the island of Montserrat, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom located in the Leeward Island chain of the Lesser Antilles, West Indies. The town was overwhelmed by volcanic eruptions starting in 1995 and was abandoned.  For centuries it had been the only port of entry to the island."
"Sana'a (also spelled Sanaa or Sana; Arabic: صنعاء‎ Ṣan‘ā’ pronounced [sˤɑnʕaːʔ], Yemeni Arabic: Arabic pronunciation: [ˈsˤɑnʕɑ]) is the capital of Yemen and the centre of Sana'a Governorate. The city is not part of the Governorate, but forms the separate administrative district of ""Amanat Al-Asemah"".Sana'a is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. At an altitude of 2,300 metres (7,500 ft), it is also one of the highest capital cities in the world. Sana'a has a population of approximately 1,937,500 (2012), making it Yemen's largest city.The old city of Sana'a, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, has a distinctive visual character due to its unique architectural characteristics, most notably expressed in its multi-storey buildings decorated with geometric patterns. Located here is the Great Mosque of Sana'a, the largest in the city."
"Washington is a city in Hempstead County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 148 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Hope Micropolitan Statistical Area."
"Washington-on-the-Brazos (also known as Washington) is an unincorporated area along the Brazos River in Washington County, Texas, United States.  It was founded when Texas was still a part of Mexico, and the settlement became the site of the Convention of 1836 and the signing of the Texas Declaration of Independence. The name ""Washington-on-the-Brazos"" was used to distinguish the settlement from ""Washington-on-the-Potomac""—i.e., Washington, D.C."
"Onondaga was a village that served as the capital of the Iroquois League and the primary settlement of the Onondaga nation. It was the meeting place of the Iroquois Grand Council.The location of the village changed periodically. In 1600, it was located near present Cazenovia, New York, but was situated near present Pompey, New York from 1609 to 1615. After that, Onondaga was located at several sites near present Delphi, New York, until 1640, when it moved to present Manlius, New York. In 1720, it was moved to Onondaga Creek.After many Onondagas sided with the British in the American Revolutionary War, Onondaga was targeted by the Continental Army in an expedition led by Col. Goose Van Schaick. In April 1779, the Onondagas fled as the army approached. American troops methodically destroyed the abandoned settlement, razing about 50 houses along Onondaga Creek.The present meeting place of the Iroquois Grand Council is on the Onondaga Reservation in New York."
"Prey Veng (Khmer: ក្រុងព្រៃវែង) is the capital of Prey Veng Province in southern Cambodia. The town is located on the National Road 11 between Nak Loeung and Kampong Cham. It is located about two and half hours by road from Phnom Penh and three hours from Ho Chi Minh City. This quaint town is off the usual tourist trail and is uncrowded. It houses several old dilapidated colonial homes. There is a large lake west of the city which is dry from March to August."
"Heian-kyō (平安京, literally ""tranquility and peace capital"") was one of several former names for the city now known as Kyoto. It was the capital of Japan for over one thousand years, from 794 to 1868 with an interruption in 1180.Emperor Kammu established it as the capital in 794, moving the Imperial Court there from nearby Nagaoka-kyō at the recommendation of his advisor Wake no Kiyomaro and marking the beginning of the Heian period of Japanese history. The city was modelled after the Tang Dynasty Chinese capital of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an). It remained the chief political center until 1185, when the samurai Minamoto clan defeated the Taira clan in the Genpei War, moving administration of national affairs to Kamakura and establishing the Kamakura shogunate.Though political power would be wielded by the samurai class over the course of three different shogunates, Heian remained the site of the Imperial Court and seat of Imperial power, and thus remained the official capital. In fact, even after the seat of Imperial power was moved to Tokyo in 1868, since there is no law which makes Tokyo the capital, there is a view that Kyoto legally or officially remains the capital even today.In 1994, Kyoto City held various events commemorating the 1200th anniversary."
"Kuni-kyō (恭仁京, or Kuni no miyako), was the capital city of Japan between 740 and 744, whose imperial palace (恭仁宮 Kuni-kyū or Kuni no miya) was built in the present-day city of Kizugawa in Kyoto Prefecture by the order of Emperor Shōmu."
"Launceston  (/ˈlɑːnstən/ LARN-stən or /ˈlɔːnstən/ LAWN-stən), locally /ˈlænsən/ LAN-sən or /ˈlɑːnsən/ LARN-sən,  (Cornish: Lannstevan; rarely spelled Lanson) is a town, ancient borough, and civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.Dunheved was the Southwestern Brittonic name for the town in the West Saxon period.Launceston is situated just over one mile (1.6 km) west of the River Tamar which marks the border between Cornwall and Devon and is often referred to as the ""gateway to Cornwall"".The full title of the modern civil parish is Launceston, St Mary Magdalene (which includes the town itself) and it is in the Diocese of Truro. The population of Launceston, St Mary Magdalene parish in the 2001 census was 7,135.Launceston's motto is Royale et Loyale for its adherence to the Cavalier cause during the English Civil War of the mid-17th century."
"Neo is a township (Thị trấn Neo) and town and capital of Yên Dũng District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"Rangpur (Pron: ˈræŋpʊə or ˈræŋgpʊə), one of the capitals of the Ahom kingdom, was established by the Swargadeo Rudra Singha in 1707 (Gogoi 1968, p. 508).  It is currently a part of the Sibsagar town. Many historical monuments of the Ahom era; the Talatal Ghar, Rang Ghar are located here. Rangpur remained the capital during the most glorious period of the Ahom kingdom.  The capital fell twice to rebels of the Moamoria rebellion.  In the first instance, the rebels occupied the capital for a few months between 1769 and 1770, when the Swargadeo, Lakshmi Singha, was kept in captivity.  In the second instance, the rebels occupied the capital in 1788 and held on to it till 1792, when Thomas Welsh of the East India Company removed them.  Even though Rangpur came back to the control of the Ahom state, it lost its status as the capital to Jorhat, the last Ahom capital."
"Ann (Burmese: အမ်းမြို့) is a town in the Rakhine State of western Burma. It is served by Ann Airport."
"Cockburn Town (/ˈkoʊbərn/ KOH-bərn) is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands."
"San Andrés is the capital city of the department of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina, in Colombia. As of 2005 its population was of 55,426."
"Slapshot is the official mascot for the Washington Capitals of the NHL."
"Balige is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Toba Samosir Regency. It is 240 kilometers away from Medan. Balige is also a tourist spot to see Lake Toba, the greatest crater lake in South East Asia."
"U Minh is a township (thị trấn) and capital town of U Minh District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam."
"Kalar (Kurdish:که‌لار, Kelar ) is a town in Iraqi Kurdistan located on Sirwan (Diyala) river, to the east of Kifri and to the west of Qasri Shirin and Sarpol Zahab in Kermanshah Province in east Kurdistan.  Part of the twin towns of Smud-Kalar, Smud was renamed Rizgari after the 1991 Kurdish uprising against the Ba'ath party.  The neighborhood of Smud was a relocation camp for Kurdish people under the regime of Saddam Hussein. Kalar now is in a continuous progression toward further urban expansion, infrastructural growth and economic booming, due to its location which connects Iraq, Iran and Kurdistan together,Kalar can be considered as one of the most expensive place in the entire region, economists have classified Kalar's properties as more expensive than many other advanced countries including USA.The majority of residences in Kalar are fluent in Arabic and Persian beside their mother language Kurdish.    The University of Garmian, a satellite campus of University of Sulaymaniyah, majors in agriculture.beside many of other departments university of Garmian is the first scientific center in the area which provides Geographic Information System laboratory for post graduated students."
"Mese  (Burmese: မယ်စဲ့မြို့) is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma."
"Raya is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Simalungun Regency."
"Ilaga is the name of a small town and a farming valley in Papua, Indonesia, with an elevation of 2,286 m (7,500 ft). It is also the capital of a government district (kecamatan) of the same name, and of the newly-created (2008) Puncak Regency. Most of the residents of the area belong to the Western Dani tribe. It has a small airport and a tiny community of non-Papuan traders and government officials from other parts of Indonesia. A river of the same name runs through the valley, and is a tributary of the Ilorong. The valley lies about midway between the Enarotali and Baliem valleys."
"Thazi is a town in Thazi Township, Meiktila District, Mandalay Region, central Burma (Myanmar)."
"Chợ Mới is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Chợ Mới District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam."
"Tuz Khormato (طوزخورماتو) or Tuz Khurmatu (Kurdish: Tûz Xûrmatû, خورماتوو; Turcomani: Tuz khurma tau , Azerbaijani: Tuz xurma ) is a town that is the main centre of the Tooz District in Saladin Province, Iraq, located 55 miles south of Kirkuk. A plurality of the population is ethnic Turcoman (not to be confused with the Turkmen of Turkmenistan), large minorities of Kurds and Arabs form the remaining population. ، The name of the city is taken from Persian language, in which ""Tuz"" is the changed form of word ""Taze=تازه"" which means fresh and the word ""Khorma=خرما"" which means date."
"Manaung  (Burmese: မာန်အောင်မြို့) is a name of an  island in Rakhine State of most western part of Myanmar.""""Manaung Kyun"""" (မာန်အောင်ကျွန်း) means Manaung Island, and """" Manaung Myoe"""" (မာန်အောင်မြို့) means Manaung township, in Manaung Island."
"Yebyu  (Burmese: ရေဖြူမြို့) is a town in the Taninthayi Division, southernmost part of Myanmar."
"Vatican City (/ˈvætɨkən ˈsɪti/), officially Vatican City State (Italian: Stato della Città del Vaticano; pronounced [ˈstaːto della t͡ʃitˈta (d)del vatiˈkaːno]) is a walled enclave within the city of Rome. With an area of approximately 44 hectares (110 acres), and a population of 842, it is the smallest internationally recognized independent state in the world by both area and population.It is an ecclesiastical or sacerdotal-monarchical state ruled by the Bishop of Rome—the Pope. The highest state functionaries are all Catholic clergy of various national origins. Since the return of the Popes from Avignon in 1377, they have generally resided at the Apostolic Palace within what is now Vatican City, although at times residing instead in the Quirinal Palace in Rome or elsewhere.Vatican City is distinct from the Holy See (Latin: Sancta Sedes), which dates back to early Christianity and is the main episcopal see of 1.2 billion Latin and Eastern Catholic adherents around the globe. The independent city-state, on the other hand, came into existence in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty between the Holy See and Italy, which spoke of it as a new creation, not as a vestige of the much larger Papal States (756–1870), which had previously encompassed much of central Italy. According to the terms of the treaty, the Holy See has ""full ownership, exclusive dominion, and sovereign authority and jurisdiction"" over the city-state.Within Vatican City are cultural sites such as St. Peter's Basilica, the Sistine Chapel and the Vatican Museums. They feature some of the world's most famous paintings and sculptures. The unique economy of Vatican City is supported financially by the sale of postage stamps and tourist mementos, fees for admission to museums, and the sale of publications."
"Berlin (/bərˈlɪn/, German: [bɛɐ̯ˈliːn] (13px )) is the capital of Germany, and one of the 16 states of Germany. With a population of 3.5 million people, Berlin is Germany's largest city. It is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the banks of River Spree, it is the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region, which has about 4.5 million residents from over 180 nations. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. Around one third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers and lakes.First documented in the 13th century, Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg (1417), the Kingdom of Prussia (1701–1918), the German Empire (1871–1918), the Weimar Republic (1919–1933) and the Third Reich (1933–1945). Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world. After World War II, the city was divided; East Berlin became the capital of East Germany while West Berlin became a de facto West German exclave, surrounded by the Berlin Wall (1961–1989). Following German reunification in 1990, the city was once more designated as the capital of all Germany, hosting 158 foreign embassies.Berlin is a world city of culture, politics, media, and science. Its economy is based on high-tech firms and the service sector, encompassing a diverse range of creative industries, research facilities, media corporations, and convention venues. Berlin serves as a continental hub for air and rail traffic and has a highly complex public transportation network. The metropolis is a popular tourist destination. Significant industries also include IT, pharmaceuticals, biomedical engineering, clean tech, biotechnology, construction, and electronics.Modern Berlin is home to renowned universities, orchestras, museums, entertainment venues, and is host to many sporting events. Its urban setting has made it a sought-after location for international film productions. The city is well known for its festivals, diverse architecture, nightlife, contemporary arts, and a high quality of living. Over the last decade Berlin has seen the upcoming of a cosmopolitan entrepreneurial scene."
"The City Municipality of Bremen (German: Stadtgemeinde Bremen, German pronunciation: [ˈbʁeːmən] (13px )) is a Hanseatic city in northwestern Germany.A commercial and industrial city with a major port on the River Weser, Bremen is part of the Bremen/Oldenburg Metropolitan Region (2.4 million people). Bremen is the third most populous city in Northern Germany and tenth in Germany.Bremen is some 60 km (37 mi) south from the Weser mouth on the North Sea. With Bremerhaven right on the mouth the two comprise the state of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (official German name: Freie Hansestadt Bremen)."
"Dresden (German pronunciation: [ˈdʁeːsdən]; Upper Sorbian: Drježdźany) is the capital city of the Free State of Saxony in Germany. It is situated in a valley on the River Elbe, near the Czech border. The Dresden conurbation is part of the Saxon Triangle metropolitan area with 2.4 million inhabitants.Dresden has a long history as the capital and royal residence for the Electors and Kings of Saxony, who for centuries furnished the city with cultural and artistic splendor. The city was known as the Jewel Box, because of its baroque and rococo city center. The controversial British and American bombing of Dresden in World War II towards the end of the war killed approximately 25,000, many of whom were civilians, and destroyed the entire city center. The bombing gutted the city, as it did for other major German cities. After the war restoration work has helped to reconstruct parts of the historic inner city, including the Katholische Hofkirche, the Semper Oper and the Dresdner Frauenkirche as well as the suburbs.Before and since German reunification in 1990, Dresden was and is a cultural, educational, political and economic center of Germany and Europe. The Dresden University of Technology is one of the 10 largest universities in Germany and part of the German Universities Excellence Initiative."
"Groningen (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɣroːnɪŋə(n)] (13px ); Gronings: Grunnen; West Frisian: Grins) is the main municipality as well as the capital city of the eponymous province in the Netherlands. With a population of 197,823 (in 2014), it is the largest city in the north of the Netherlands. An old city, Groningen was the regional power of the northern Netherlands, a semi-independent city-state and member of the German Hanseatic League. Groningen is a university city: it houses the University of Groningen (about 28,000 students) and the Hanze University of Applied Sciences (about 25,000 students)."
"Hamburg (/ˈhæmbɜrɡ/; German pronunciation: [ˈhambʊʁk], local pronunciation [ˈhambʊɪ̯ç]; Low German/Low Saxon: Hamborg [ˈhambɔːx]), officially Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg  (Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg), is the second largest city in Germany and the eighth largest city in the European Union. It is also the thirteenth largest German state.  Its population is over 1.8 million people, and the Hamburg Metropolitan Region (including parts of the neighbouring Federal States of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein) has more than 5 million inhabitants. The port of Hamburg, on the river Elbe, is the second largest port in Europe (after the Port of Rotterdam) and tenth largest worldwide.The official name reflects its history as a member of the medieval Hanseatic League, as a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire, a city-state, and one of the 16 states of Germany. Before the 1871 Unification of Germany, it was a fully sovereign state. Prior to the constitutional changes in 1919, the stringent civic republic was ruled by a class of hereditary grand burghers or Hanseaten.Hamburg is a major transport hub and is one of the most affluent cities in Europe. It has become a media and industrial centre, with plants and facilities belonging to Airbus, Blohm + Voss and Aurubis. The radio and television broadcaster Norddeutscher Rundfunk and publishers such as Gruner + Jahr and Spiegel-Verlag are pillars of the important media industry in Hamburg. Hamburg has been an important financial centre for centuries, and is the seat of the world's second oldest bank, Berenberg Bank. There are more than 120,000 enterprises.The city is a notable tourist destination for both domestic and overseas visitors; it ranked 17th in the world for livability in 2012."
"Karlsruhe (German pronunciation: [ˈkaʁlsˌʁuːə]; formerly Carlsruhe) is the second-largest city in the state of Baden-Württemberg, in southwest Germany, near the Franco-German border. It has a population of 296,033. Karlsruhe Palace was built in 1715, and the city is now the seat of the two highest courts in Germany: the Federal Constitutional Court  and the Federal Court of Justice.It has been speculated that Karlsruhe was a model for Washington, D.C., as both cities have a centre from which the streets radiate outward."
"Lisbon (/ˈlɪzbən/; Portuguese: Lisboa, IPA: [liʒˈboɐ]) is the capital and the largest city of Portugal. It is the westernmost large city located in continental Europe, as well as its westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast. Lisbon lies in the western Iberian Peninsula on the Atlantic Ocean and the River Tagus, and has a population of 552,700 (2011 census) in an area of 100.05 km². The urban area extends beyond the administrative city limits with an estimated population of 2.7 million, on an area of 958 square kilometres (370 sq mi),  making it the 11th most populous urban area in the European Union. About 3,035,000 people live in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area (which represents approximately 27% of the population of the country).Lisbon is recognised as a global city because of its importance in finance, commerce, media, entertainment, arts, international trade, education and tourism. It is one of the major economic centres on the continent, with a growing financial sector and one of the largest container ports on Europe's Atlantic coast. Lisbon Portela Airport serves over 18 million passengers annually, as of 2014, and the motorway network and the high-speed rail system of Alfa Pendular link the main cities of Portugal. The city is the 7th-most-visited city in Southern Europe, after Istanbul, Rome, Barcelona, Madrid, Athens and Milan, with 1,740,000 tourists in 2009. The Lisbon region contributes with the highest GDP PPP per capita of any other region in Portugal. It also ranks as the 10th highest GDP of metropolitan areas in the EU amounting to 110 billion euros and thus €39,375 per capita, 40% higher than the average European Union's GDP per capita. The city occupies 32nd place of highest gross earnings in the world. Most of the headquarters of multinationals in the country are located in the Lisbon area. It is also the political centre of the country, as seat of Government and residence of the Head of State.Lisbon is one of the oldest cities in the world, and the oldest in Western Europe, predating other modern European capitals such as London, Paris and Rome by centuries. Julius Caesar made it a municipium called Felicitas Julia, adding to the name Olissipo. Ruled by a series of Germanic tribes from the 5th century, it was captured by the Moors in the 8th century. In 1147, the Crusaders under Afonso Henriques reconquered the city and since then it has been a major political, economic and cultural centre of Portugal. Unlike most capital cities, Lisbon's status as the capital of Portugal has never been granted or confirmed officially – by statute or in written form. Its position as the capital has formed through constitutional convention, making its position as de facto capital a part of the Constitution of Portugal.Lisbon enjoys a Mediterranean climate. Among all the metropolises in Europe, it has the warmest winters, with average temperatures 15 °C (59 °F) during the day and 8 °C (46 °F) at night from December to February. The typical summer season lasts about six months, from May to October, although also in November, March and April temperatures sometimes reach around 25 °C (77.0 °F)."
"Magdeburg (German pronunciation: [ˈmakdəbʊrk] (13px ); Low Saxon: Meideborg, [ˈmaˑɪdebɔɐx]) is the capital city of the Bundesland of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Magdeburg is situated on the Elbe River and was one of the most important medieval cities of Europe.Emperor Otto I, the first Holy Roman Emperor, founder of the archbishopric of Magdeburg, was buried in the town's cathedral after his death. Magdeburg's version of German town law, known as Magdeburg rights, spread throughout Central and Eastern Europe. The city is also well known for the 1631 Sack of Magdeburg, which hardened Protestant resistance during the Thirty Years' War. Magdeburg was destroyed twice in its history.Magdeburg is the site of two universities, the Otto-von-Guericke University and the Magdeburg-Stendal University of Applied Sciences.Nowadays Magdeburg is a traffic junction as well as an industrial and trading centre. The production of chemical products, steel, paper and textiles are of particular economic significance, along with mechanical engineering and plant engineering, ecotechnology and life-cycle management, health management and logistics.In 2005 Magdeburg celebrated its 1200th anniversary. In June 2013 Magdeburg was hit by record breaking flooding."
"Stuttgart (/ˈʃtʊtɡɑrt/; German pronunciation: [ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt] (13px ), Swabian: Schduagert [ˈʃd̥ua̯ɡ̊ɛʕt]) is the capital of the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwest Germany. The sixth-largest city in Germany, Stuttgart has a population of 600,068 (October 2014) while the greater Stuttgart Metropolitan Region has a population of 5.3 million (2008), being the fourth-biggest in Germany after the Rhine-Ruhr area, Berlin/Brandenburg and Frankfurt/Rhine-Main. The city lies at the centre of a densely populated area, surrounded by a ring of smaller towns. This area called Stuttgart Region has a population of 2.7 million.Stuttgart is spread across a variety of hills (many of them vineyards), valleys and parks – unusual for a German city and often a source of surprise to visitors who primarily associate the city with its industrial reputation as the 'cradle of the automobile'. Stuttgart has the status of Stadtkreis, a type of self-administrating urban county. It is also the seat of the state legislature, the regional parliament, the local council and the Protestant State Church in Württemberg as well as one of the two co-seats of the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rottenburg-Stuttgart.The city of Stuttgart ranked 30th globally in Mercer's 2010 liveability rankings, and 7th in Germany behind top-ranked cities such as Frankfurt, Düsseldorf and Munich. For economic and social innovation, the city was ranked 11th globally, second in Germany after Hamburg and 7th in Europe in 2009 out of 256 cities.The city's tourism slogan is ""Stuttgart offers more"". Under current plans to improve transport links to the international infrastructure (as part of the Stuttgart 21 project), in March 2008 the city unveiled a new logo and slogan, describing itself as ""Das neue Herz Europas"" (""The new heart of Europe""). For business, it describes itself as ""Standort Zukunft"", ""Where business meets the future""). In 2007, the Bürgermeister marketed Stuttgart to foreign investors as ""The creative power of Germany"". In July 2010, Stuttgart unveiled a new city logo, designed to entice more business people to stay in the city and enjoy breaks in the area.Stuttgart is nicknamed the Schwabenmetropole (Swabian metropolis), because of the city's location in the centre of Swabia, and as a reference to the Swabian dialect spoken by its native inhabitants. In that dialect, the city's name is pronounced Schtugert or Schtuagerd. However, many non-Swabian Germans have emigrated to Stuttgart for economic reasons and 40% of Stuttgart's residents, and 64% of the population below the age of five are of foreign immigrant background."
"Utrecht (/ˈjuːtrɛkt/; Dutch pronunciation: [ˈytrɛxt] (13px )) is the capital and most populous city in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is located in the eastern corner of the Randstad conurbation, and is the fourth largest city in the Netherlands with a population of 330,772 in 2014.Utrecht's ancient city centre features many buildings and structures several dating as far back as the High Middle Ages. It has been the religious centre of the Netherlands since the 8th century. Currently it is the see of the Archbishop of Utrecht, the most important Dutch Roman Catholic leader. Utrecht is also the see of the archbishop of the Old Catholic church, titular head of the Union of Utrecht, and the location of the offices of the main Protestant church. Utrecht was the most important city in the Netherlands until the Dutch Golden Age, when it was succeeded by Amsterdam as the country's cultural centre and most populous city.Utrecht is host to Utrecht University, the largest university in the Netherlands, as well as several other institutes for higher education. Due to its central position within the country, it is an important transport hub for both rail and road transport. It has the second highest number of cultural events in the Netherlands, after Amsterdam."
"Frauenfeld is the capital of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland."
"Nafplio (Modern Greek: Ναύπλιο, Nafplio) is a seaport town in the Peloponnese in Greece that has expanded up the hillsides near the north end of the Argolic Gulf. The town was an important seaport held under a succession of royal houses in the Middle Ages as part of the lordship of Argos and Nauplia, held initially by the de la Roche following the Fourth Crusade and then by Aragonese nobility, before coming under the Republic of Venice and, lastly, the Ottoman Empire. The town was the capital of the First Hellenic Republic and of the Kingdom of Greece, from the start of the Greek Revolution in 1821 until 1834. Nafplio is now the capital of the regional unit of Argolis."
"Panevėžys (pronounced [pɐn̪ʲɛvʲeːˈʒʲiːs̪] (13px ))  see also other names, is the fifth largest city in Lithuania. As of 2011, it occupied 52 square kilometres (20 sq mi) with 113,653 inhabitants.The largest multifunctional arena in Panevėžys, Cido Arena, hosted the Eurobasket 2011 group matches."
"Pyrgos (Greek: Πύργος, meaning ""tower"") is the capital of the Elis regional unit in Greece. The city is located in the western part of the Peloponnese, in the middle of a plain, 4 kilometres (2 miles) from the Ionian Sea. The river Alfeios flows into sea about 7 km (4 mi) south of Pyrgos. The population of the town Pyrgos is 25,180, and of the municipality 47,995 (2011). Pyrgos is 16 km (10 mi) west of Olympia, 16 km (10 mi) southeast of Amaliada, 70 km (43 mi) southwest of Patras and 85 km (53 mi) west of Tripoli."
"Quibdó (Spanish pronunciation: [kiβˈðo]) is the capital city of Chocó Department, in western Colombia, on the Atrato River. The municipality of Quibdó has an area of 3,337.5 km² and a population of 100,000 mainly consisting of Afro Colombians and Zambo Colombians."
"Cần Thơ (About this sound listen) is the fourth largest city in Vietnam, and the largest city in the Mekong Delta.It is noted for its floating market, rice paper-making village, and picturesque rural canals. It had a population of 1.2 million as of 2011, and is located on the south bank of the Hau River, a branch of the Mekong. In 2007, about 50 people died when Cần Thơ Bridge collapsed, causing Vietnam's worst engineering disaster. In 2011, Can Tho International Airport opened.The city is nicknamed the ""western capital"" (Tây Đô), and is located 169 kilometres (105 miles) from Ho Chi Minh City. Cần Thơ's climate is tropical and monsoonal with two seasons: rainy, from May to November; and dry, from December to April. Average annual humidity is 83%, rainfall 1,635 mm (64 in) and temperature 27 °C (81 °F)."
"Montería is a municipality and city located in Northern Colombia and is the capital of the Department of Córdoba. The city is located 50 km (31 mi) away from the Caribbean sea, by the Sinú River. The city and region are famous for their distinct cultural heritages, which include a blend of indigenous Zenú Indians, African descendants, colonial Spanish descendants, and more recently, Arab immigrants. The city is home to the Sombrero Vueltiao, a national symbol; and is the home of Porro folklore music. The city has an inland seaport connected to the Caribbean Sea by the Sinú River."
"North Nicosia or Northern Nicosia (Turkish: [Kuzey] Lefkoşa [kuˈzej lefˈkoʃa]) is the capital and largest city of the de facto state of Northern Cyprus. It is the northern part of the divided city of Nicosia and is governed by the Nicosia Turkish Municipality. As of 2011, North Nicosia had a population of 61,378 and a metropolitan area with a population of 82,539.Following the intercommunal violence of the 1960s, the capital of Republic of Cyprus was divided between the island's Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot communities in the south and north respectively in 1963. A coup by the Greek military junta in an attempt to unite the island with Greece in 1974 led to the Turkish invasion of Cyprus, and the international community considers North Nicosia to be under Turkish occupation since then.The city is the economic, political and cultural center of Northern Cyprus, with many shops, restaurants and shopping malls. It is home to a historic walled city and a modern metropolitan area, with the Dereboyu region as its center of business and entertainment. Described as a city with high levels of welfare, it has seen great urban growth and development in the 21st century, including the construction of new highways and high-rises. It hosts a significant number of tourists and a variety of cultural activities, including its international festivals of theater and music. With a student population over 34,000, North Nicosia is an important center of education and research and is home to three universities, of which the Near East University is the biggest."
"Puerto Francisco de Orellana, also known as Coca, is the capital of province of Orellana in eastern Ecuador. The city is located in the Amazon Rainforest at the confluence of the Coca River and the Napo River (the smaller Payamino River also merges into the Napo in the city). It has a population of 45,163 inhabitants as of 2010. It is visited by tourists going into the Amazonian forest and is served by the Francisco de Orellana Airport."
"Solin (Latin and Italian: Salona, Ancient Greek: Σαλώνα) is a town in Dalmatia, Croatia. It is situated right northeast of Split, on the Adriatic Sea and the river Jadro.Solin developed on the location of ancient city of Salona which was the capital of the Roman province of Dalmatia and the birthplace of Emperor Diocletian. After the arrival of Avars and Slavs  in the 7th-century town was destroyed, and its refugees moved to settlement in and around Diocletian's palace, ""Spalatum"" (Split), turning it into a fortified town. In the Early Middle Ages Solin was part of the Croatian territory and played an important role in Medieval Croatian state, being one of capital cities.In the 20th century intensive industrialisation process of the Split basin made Solin no more than a suburb of Split. Today, with its independent municipal status, Solin is part of the Split conurbation, well connected with other towns. Besides industry, a tourism is being developed lately based on numerous archaeological sites and Solin's distinctive image that comes from many urban parks along the Jadro."
"World Book Capital is a title bestowed by UNESCO to a city in recognition of the quality of its programs to promote books and reading and the dedication of all players in the book industry.The designation runs from  UNESCO's World Book and Copyright Day (April 23) of one year until April 22 of the following year."
"Merv (Turkmen: Merw, Persian: مرو‎ Marw), formerly Achaemenid Satrapy of Margiana, and later Alexandria (Ἀλεξάνδρεια)  and Antiochia in Margiana (Greek: Ἀντιόχεια τῆς Μαργιανῆς), was a major oasis-city in Central Asia, on the historical Silk Road, located near today's Mary in Turkmenistan.Several cities have existed on this site, which is significant for the interchange of culture and politics at a site of major strategic value. It is claimed that Merv was briefly the largest city in the world in the 12th century. The site of ancient Merv has been listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. (See List of World Heritage Sites in Turkmenistan)"
"Boyolali is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the eastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Boyolali."
"Farafangana is a city (commune urbaine) on the south-east coast of Madagascar and capital of the Atsimo-Atsinanana region.  The population essentially consists of three ethnic groups: the Antefasy, Rabakara and Zafisoro."
"Jambi City (Indonesian: Kota Jambi) is a city in Indonesia, capital of Jambi province, on the island of Sumatra. The city is a busy port on the Batang Hari River and an oil- and rubber-producing centre. The city is located 26 km from the ruins of Muaro Jambi, an important city in the ancient Srivijaya kingdom.Nearby towns and villages include Mendalo (5.1 nm), Kinati (4.1 nm), Padang (4.5 nm), Tanjungjohor (3.2 nm), Paalmerah (2.8 nm), and Muarakumpe (3.6 nm).  Jambi is served by the Sultan Thaha Airport."
"Klaten is a regency in Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is the city of the same name."
"Dompu Regency is a regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten) of the Indonesian Province of West Nusa Tenggara. It is located on the island of Sumbawa and the capital is Dompu.  It is bordered to the north and to the east by two non-contiguous parts of Bima Regency, as well as by Saleh Bay, Sanggar Bay, and Cempi Bay. It covers an area of 2,321.55 sq.km, and the population at the 2010 Census was 218,984; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 228,811."
"Sanggau is a regency in West Kalimantan province of Indonesia. It is situated in the north-central part of the province, with an area (since the separation of the former eastern part of the regency in 2003 to create Sekadau Regency) of 12,857.80 km² and a population of 408,468 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (for January 2014) is 422,448."
"Duhok International Airport is an international airport under construction in the Kurdistan Autonomous Region in northern Iraq. It is located in the Duhok province just near the village of Sumail and the city of Zakho. The airport is under construction since 2012."
"Hpakant (Burmese: ဖားကန့်; also Hpakan and Farkent), is a town in Hpakant Township, Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar. It is located on the Uyu River 350 km north of Mandalay in the middle of one of the world's most inhospitable and malaria infested jungles, cut off for several months a year during the monsoons. It is famous for its jade mines which produce the world's best quality jadeite.In 2011 fighting broke out between the Kachin Independence Army and the Burmese Army in the area around the Hpakant jade mines displacing an estimated 90,000 people by September, 2012 and killing hundreds of people."
"Padang Aro is a town or Sub-district in South Solok Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of South Solok Regency."
"Majene is the capital city of Majene Regency and it is located in the Indonesian province of West Sulawesi."
"Tilamuta is a town in Sulawesi in Indonesia and is the seat of the Regency of Boalemo"
"Parit Malintang is a town or Sub-district in Padang Pariaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Padang Pariaman Regency."
"Sharbazher is a district Sharbazher District, Sulaymaniyah Governorate,  Iraq."
"Pandan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Central Tapanuli Regency."
"Tua Pejat is a town within North Sipora District in the Mentawai Islands Regency of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the administrative seat (capital) of Mentawai Islands Regency. The population was 4,344 at the 2010 Census."
"Dhaka (Bengali: ঢাকা, pronounced: [ˈɖʱaka]; English /dɑːkə/, /dækə/; also known as Dacca, especially formerly) is the capital city of Bangladesh. It is the headquarters of Dhaka Division and Dhaka District.  Dhaka is the most populous city in Bangladesh and the tenth-largest city in the world, with a population of over 15 million inhabitants. It is the only megacity in Bangladesh. It is the center of the Greater Dhaka conurbation. Standing on the east bank of the Buriganga River, Dhaka is the political, economic and cultural heart of Bangladesh. It is one of the major cities of South Asia.  Historically known as the City of Mosques, it is also nicknamed as the Rickshaw Capital of the World, with its daily traffic of over 500,000 cycle rickshaws.Under Mughal rule in the 17th century, the city was known as Jahangir Nagar (named after the erstwhile emperor Jahangir). It was the capital of Mughal Bengal and a centre of the worldwide muslin trade. The modern city, however, developed chiefly under British rule in the 19th-century. Between 1905 and 1911, it served as the capital of the short lived British province of Eastern Bengal and Assam. With the Partition of British India in 1947, the city became the administrative capital of East Pakistan, and in 1971, the capital of an independent Bangladesh.Dhaka plays a central role in the Bangladeshi economy, alongside the port city of Chittagong. The city constitutes the political, cultural and scientific heart of the nation. It is home to acclaimed national landmarks, including the Jatiyo Sangshad Bhaban, the University of Dhaka, the Liberation War Museum, the National Museum, the Shaheed Minar and the Lalbagh Fort.In recent decades, Dhaka has been experiencing an influx of people from across the nation, making it one of the fastest growing metropolitan areas in the world. The city has been attracting greater volumes of foreign investment and trade; and has been witnessing the modernization of transport and communications, with the Dhaka Metro and the Dhaka Elevated Expressway under construction. However, the city continues to face substantial challenges of congestion, poverty, overpopulation and pollution."
"Kolkata /koʊlˈkɑːtɑː/, formerly Calcutta /kælˈkʌtə/, is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal. Located on the east bank of the Hooghly river, it is the principal commercial, cultural, and educational centre of East India, while the Port of Kolkata is India's oldest operating port as well as its sole major riverine port. As of 2011, the city had 4.5 million residents; the urban agglomeration, which comprises the city and its suburbs, was home to approximately 14.1 million, making it the third-most populous metropolitan area in India. As of 2008, its economic output as measured by gross domestic product ranked third among South Asian cities, behind Mumbai and Delhi. As a growing metropolitan city in a developing country, Kolkata confronts substantial urban pollution, traffic congestion, poverty, overpopulation, and other logistic and socioeconomic problems.In the late 17th century, the three villages that predated Kolkata were ruled by the Nawab of Bengal under Mughal suzerainty. After the Nawab granted the East India Company a trading license in 1690, the area was developed by the Company into an increasingly fortified mercantile base. Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah occupied Kolkata in 1756 after company started evading taxes and due to increasing militarization of the fort, the East India Company retook it in the following year and in 1793 assumed full sovereignty after Mughal governorship (Nizamat) was abolished. Under East India Company and later under the British Raj, Kolkata served as the capital of India until 1911, when its perceived geographical disadvantages, combined with growing nationalism in Bengal, led to a shift of the capital to New Delhi. The city was the centre of the Indian independence movement; it remains a hotbed of contemporary state politics. Following Indian independence in 1947, Kolkata—which was once the centre of modern Indian education, science, culture, and politics—witnessed several decades of relative economic stagnation. Since the early 2000s, an economic rejuvenation has led to accelerated growth.As a nucleus of the 19th- and early 20th-century Bengal Renaissance and a religiously and ethnically diverse centre of culture in Bengal and India, Kolkata has established local traditions in drama, art, film, theatre, and literature that have gained wide audiences. Many people from Kolkata—among them several Nobel laureates—have contributed to the arts, the sciences, and other areas, while Kolkata culture features idiosyncrasies that include distinctively close-knit neighbourhoods (paras) and freestyle intellectual exchanges (adda). West Bengal's share of the Bengali film industry is based in the city, which also hosts venerable cultural institutions of national importance, such as the Academy of Fine Arts, the Victoria Memorial, the Asiatic Society, the Indian Museum and the National Library of India. Among scientific and technical  institutions, Kolkata hosts the Agri Horticultural Society of India, the Geological Survey of India, the Botanical Survey of India, the Indian Science Congress Association, the Zoological Survey of India, the Institution of Engineers and the Anthropological Survey of India. Though home to major cricketing venues and franchises, Kolkata differs from other Indian cities by giving importance to association football and other sports."
"Corydon is a town in the far southern part of the state of Indiana in the United States.  It is in Harrison Township in Harrison County, just north of the Ohio River. It was founded in 1808 when Vincennes was the capital of the Indiana Territory; the capital was moved to Corydon in 1813. The state of Indiana was established in 1816, and Corydon was the capital of the state until Indianapolis took over that role in 1825. The town remains the county seat of Harrison County and had a population of 3,122 at the 2010 census."
"Guatemala City; locally known as Guatemala or Guate), is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Guatemala, and the most populous in Central America. The city is located in the south-central area of the country and has a large number of green areas. In 2009, it had a formal population of 1,075,000, but the metropolitan population is believed to be at least 2.3 million by 2012.}  Guatemala City is also the capital city of the local Municipio de Guatemala, and Guatemala Department.The city is located at 14°38′N 90°33′W, in a mountain valley called ""Valle de la Ermita"" in the south central part of the country Guatemala."
"Jamestown is the capital and historic chief settlement of the island of Saint Helena, in the South Atlantic Ocean. Located on the island's north-western coast, is the island's port, with facilities for unloading goods delivered to the island, and the centre of the island's road and communications network. It was founded when English colonists settled on the island in 1659; St Helena is the second-oldest remaining British territory, after Bermuda."
"Kettler Capitals Iceplex is the practice arena of the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League. The highest ice rink above street-level in the United States, it is located on the eighth floor atop the parking garage adjoining the Ballston Common Mall in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington County, Virginia.Opened in 2006, the 137,000-square-foot (12,700 m2) facility, which is owned by Arlington County and leased to the Capitals, houses two full-NHL-sized ice rinks with seating for 1,200, a training center, a proshop, and offices for staff of both the Capitals team and the WNBA's Washington Mystics team.The Capitals spend about 300 hours annually practicing at the arena, which has 12,000 hours of ice time available annually. The Iceplex also serves as the home ice for the club teams of Georgetown University and George Washington University. The Iceplex also runs an adult league for amateur hockey players. It is regularly available for recreational use, and hosts ""Learn to Skate"" camps and lessons throughout the year.The IcePlex is also home to the NOVA Cool Cats special hockey team,  which practices and has home games at the IcePlex, and the DC Sled Sharks, a sledge hockey team for physically disabled youths 18 and under, which plays in the Delaware Valley Sled Hockey League.  [1] [2]The IcePlex served as the initial inspiration for the building of HarborCenter in Buffalo, New York by the Buffalo Sabres and Terrence Pegula. HarborCenter serves a similar purpose to the IcePlex."
"Pangkalpinang is the largest town on the Indonesian island of Bangka and the capital of the province of  Kepulauan Bangka Belitung. It is located on Bangka's eastern coast at 2°8′S 106°7′ELandmarks in the city include the Timah Museum, a Chinese temple, the Bangka Botanical Garden (BBG) and the Pasir Padi beach."
"Huế (About this sound listen) is the capital city of Thừa Thiên–Huế Province, Vietnam. Between 1802 and 1945, it was the imperial capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty."
"Kuwait City (Arabic: مدينة الكويت) is the capital and largest city of Kuwait. It has a population of 4.1 million in the metropolitan area. Kuwait City is the political, cultural and economic center of Kuwait. Kuwait City is considered a global city. Kuwait City’s trade and transportation needs are served by Kuwait International Airport, Mina Al-Shuwaik (Shuwaik Port) and Mina Al Ahmadi (Ahmadi Port)."
"Bakhdida (Syriac: ܒܓܕܝܕܐ, Arabic:بخديدا) IPA: [bɑχdɛːdə], also known as Baghdeda, Qaraqosh, Karakosh or Al-Hamdaniya, is an Assyrian city in Assyria in northern Iraq within the Ninawa Governorate, located about 32 km (20 mi) southeast of the city of Mosul and 60 km west of Erbil amid agricultural lands, close to the ruins of the ancient Assyrian cities Nimrud and Nineveh. It is connected to the main city of Mosul by two main roads. The first runs through the towns of Bartella and Karamles which connects to the city of Erbil as well. The second which was gravel until the 1990s when it was paved, is direct to Mosul."
"Chios (Greek: Χίος) is the main town and a former municipality on the island of Chios, North Aegean, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform, it is part of the municipality Chios, of which it is a municipal unit. It is located on the eastern coast of the island facing the Turkish coastal town of Çeşme. The town has a population of 32,000 and is the administrative capital and main port of both the island and of the regional unit of Chios. Chios town is one of eight municipal units on the island.The city is often locally referred to as ""Chora"" (Χώρα; literally meaning ""town"") or ""Kastro"" (Κάστρο) to distinguish it from the entirety of the island with which it shares the name.  Originally the site of an ancient settlement, the town was first built at the north side of a natural harbour. By the 16th century, the walled town had been further fortified by successive rulers into a massive medieval castle, the ""Kastro"".  The current town has expanded out from the Kastro, and the port in the last 200 years.  After the devastating earthquake of 1881, the town was substantially rebuilt in neoclassical style, although much of the quayside and outskirts are more modern. Although the population is relatively stable, the town continues to expand with suburbs being built to the north and south.  Nevertheless, the centre of the town is still concentrated between the port and castle where the administration, several museums, the main shopping street ""Aplotaria"", and the municipal gardens lie.North of Chios lies the suburb of Vrontados, while the Chios Island National Airport and town of Karfas lie a few kilometres south of the centre."
"Pematangsiantar (sometimes written as Pematang Siantar, acronym PT. Siantar or P. Siantar, colloquially just Siantar but the official name has no space) is an independent city in North Sumatera, Indonesia, surrounded by, but not part of, the Simalungun Regency.  Pematangsiantar formerly had the status of a second level district (daerah tingkat dua) and has been elevated to Kota - its population was 219,319 in 1990 Census, 242,756 in 2000 Census, and 229,525 in the 2005 Intercensal count. making it the second largest city in the province after the provincial capital Medan."
"Vathy (Greek: Βαθύ, Vathý) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Samos, North Aegean, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Samos, of which it is a municipal unit. It is the capital and main town of the island. The municipal unit comprises numerous towns, villages, and settlements, but its two largest are Samos (town) (pop. 6,191 in 2011), and Vathy (pop. 1,888). The town of Samos is the largest on the island, and the heart of its economy based on tourism. Vathy is a sister city of Kuşadası, Turkey since October 28, 1999."
"Cà Mau (About this sound listen) is a city in southern Vietnam. It is the capital of Cà Mau Province, a province in the Mekong Delta region, in the southernmost part of Vietnam's inland territory. Vietnam's incumbent Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung was born and raised here. The city is characterized by its system of transport canals and most goods are transported here by boats and barges.The city's population is approximately 204,895 (as of 2010). The majority of its residents is ethnic Vietnamese, with 300 Khmer Krom households and 400 Hoa households. Cà Mau city is accessible by road (360 km south-west of Ho Chi Minh City) via National Route 1A or by air (Cà Mau Airport). Cà Mau is administratively subdivided into 8 urban phuong and 7 rural xa."
"Livadeia (Greek: Λιβαδειά Livadeia or Λεβάδεια Levadeia as well as Λειβαδιά Leivadia, Modern Greek: [livaˈðʝa]; Ancient: Lebadeia) is a city in central Greece. It is the capital of the regional unit Boeotia.  Livadeia is located 130 kilometres (81 miles) NW of Athens, E of Nafpaktos, ESE of Amfissa and Desfina, SE of Lamia and west of Chalkida.  Livadeia is linked with GR-48 and several kilometres west of GR-3.  The area around Livadeia are mountainous while farmlands are mainly in valley areas. Levadia's industry are urban and rural in the outskirts. It is also home to Levadiakos FC who are in the Super League Greece."
"Pacitan (Indonesian: Kabupaten Pacitan) is a regency located in the southwestern East Java Province, with Central Java Province on its west border. Located between 7.55° - 8.17°S and 110.55° - 111.25°E. The borders of Pacitan Regency are: Wonogiri Regency (Central Java) in the west, Ponorogo Regency and Wonogiri Regency in the north, Trenggalek Regency in the east, and Indian Ocean in the south. The capital of Pacitan Regency is Pacitan city. The majority of citizens in Pacitan speak  Javanese as their first language, while speaking  Indonesian as a second language."
"Rhodes (Greek: Ρόδος, Ródos, [ˈroðos]) is the principal city and a former municipality on the island of Rhodes in the Dodecanese, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Rhodes, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit. It has a population of approximately 100,000. Rhodes has been famous since antiquity as the site of Colossus of Rhodes, one of the Seven Wonders of the World. The citadel of Rhodes, built by the Hospitalliers, is one of the best-preserved medieval towns in Europe, which in 1988 was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The city of Rhodes is a popular international tourist destination."
"Htigyaing, also spelt Tigyaing,  is a town in eastern Sagaing Division, in northern Burma (Myanmar). It is a port on the Irrawaddy River and the administrative seat of Tigyaing Township."
"Kampot (Khmer: ក្រុងកំពត, ""Krong Kampot"") is the capital of Kampot Province in southern Cambodia. The city is a quiet riverside town just a few kilometers from the Gulf of Thailand. Kampot is well known for its famous black pepper, which is widely available in Cambodia. The town is also famous for its Kampot fish sauce and durian."
"Nanyun  (Burmese: နန်းယွန်းမြို့, also spelt Namyun) is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar."
"Rạch Gốc is an urban municipality and town in the Ngọc Hiển District of Cà Mau Province, Vietnam, approximately 68 kilometres from Cà Mau city. It covers an area of 5,271.5 hectares and as of 2004 had a population of 7,831. It lies near the South China Sea near the southernmost tip of Vietnam."
"Florencia (Spanish pronunciation: [floˈɾensja], English: Florence) is a municipality and capital city of the Department of Caquetá, Colombia. It is the most important city in southeast Colombia because of its population as well as its more than a hundred years of history.It is the boundary between mountains and the Amazon.  It lies on the Orteguaza River which flows into the Caqueta River.  Its population is roughly 165,000."
"Karanganyar Regency is a regency in the Indonesian province of Central Java. Its capital is Karanganyar."
"Kebumen is a regency in the southern part of the Indonesian province of Central Java. The population in 2007 was estimated at 1,231,872 and the total land area is 3,081 km². Its capital is Kebumen. There is an area in this regency which is used for geology research, namely Karangsambung."
"Lostwithiel (/lɒstˈwɪðjəl/; Cornish: Lostwydhyel) is a civil parish and small town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom at the head of the estuary of the River Fowey.  According to the 2001 census it had a population of 2,739. The name Lostwithiel comes from the Cornish ""lostwydhyel"" which means ""tail of a wooded area""."
"Sejong (Hangul: 세종, hanja: 世宗), officially Sejong Special Autonomous City (Hangul: 세종특별자치시, hanja: 世宗特別自治市) and formerly known as Yeongi (연기, 燕岐) County is South Korea's de facto second capital city. In early 2007, the South Korean government created a special administrative district from parts of Chungcheongnam-do and Chungcheongbuk-do provinces, near Daejeon, to relocate nine ministries and four national agencies from Seoul. The new capital opened on 2 July 2012, with 36 government agencies slated to move there by 2015."
"Yên Lạc is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Na Rì District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam."
"Sabi was the capital of the Korean kingdom of Baekje from 538 until Baekje's fall to Silla in 660. The site of Sabi is located in modern-day Buyeo County, South Chungcheong Province, in South Korea.Sabi Fortress also is known by the names Busosanseong, Sabiseong or Soburiseong Fortress, it consists of the inner fortress divided by roads centered on the royal palace, a defensive fortress called ""Buso Mountain Fortress"", and outer walls surrounding the palace. The inner part of the fortress involves 5 district area, where the existence of district was verified through rocks, roof titles, and wooden tablets etched with the name of administratine areas. It is also assumed that the royal palace of Baekje had been located on this site."
"Ungjin, also known as Gomnaru (Hangul: 곰나루, literally ""bear port"") is a former city on the Korean Peninsula.  It was located in modern-day Gongju, South Chungcheong province, South Korea.  It was the capital of Baekje from AD 475 to 538, during a period when Baekje was under threat from Goguryeo, the previous capital of Wiryeseong (modern-day Seoul) having been overrun. In 538, King Seong moved the capital to Sabi (in modern-day Buyeo County). Ungjin is now known as Gongju.Notable historical places of Ungjin Baekje are Gongsan Fortress and Tomb of King Muryeong."
"Sumber is the capital of the Cirebon Regency of West Java, Indonesia."
"Biaći are a village in Croatia, 5 km northeast of Trogir, at the contact point between the Trogir part and the Lower Kaštela part of the Velo field. It was first mentioned in two old Croatian documents from AD 852 and AD 892. At the locality of Stombrate are the remains of an early Croatian church of St. Martha, mentioned in 1197. It is a three-nave structure with an angular apse and a bell tower on the front, built on the remains of an early Christian three-nave basilica. The remains of other structures, as well as the late antique and early Croatian cemetery have been discovered close to the ruins. Numerous fragments of pleter from the 9th and the 10th centuries have been found as well. Interesting are the parts of the altar partition, pediments and beams, and particularly the reconstructed quadrilateral ciborium (today kept at the Museum of Croatian Archaeological Monuments in Split) with part of an inscription. Six stone lintels have also been found in the vicinity of the church. They belonged to the buildings of the ducal palace. Biaći was one of better equipped occasional residences of the Croatian national rulers. The church of St. Martha was probably destroyed during Turkish invasions."
"Bokpyin (Burmese: ဘုတ်ပြင်းမြို့, Thai: บกเปี้ยน; RTGS: Bok Pian) is a town in Taninthayi Division, Myanmar."
"The Señorío of Cuzcatlán, or The Lordship of Cuzcatlán, was a pre-Columbian Nahuat nation of the Post-Classical period that extended from the Paz river to the Lempa river (covering most of the western and central zones of the present Republic of El Salvador), this was the nation of Pipils/Cuzcatlecs. No codices or written accounts survive that shed light on this señorío. But Spanish chroniclers such as Domingo Juarros, Palaces, Lozano, and others claim that some codices did exist but have since disappeared.  In their language (Nahuat), art and pyramids it is revealed that they had significant Mayan and Toltec influence.  It is believed that the first settlers to arrive came from the Toltec nation.The name ""Cuzcatlan"" comes from the Nahuatl origin ""Kozkatlan"" (Cozcatlan Spanish form), which is derived from ""Kozkatl"", meaning ""diamond"" or ""jewel"", and ""tlan"", meaning ""next to"" or ""in between"". Kozkatlan means ""The Place of the Diamond Jewels""."
"Nyaung Shwe (Burmese: ညောင်ရွှေမြို့, pronounced: [ɲàʊɴ ʃwè mjo̰]; Shan: ယွင်ႁူၺ်ႈ also known as Yawnghwe) is a town a few kilometers north of Inle Lake in the Shan State of Myanmar. It is located south of Sakangyi and southwest of Taunggyi. Bawrithat Pagoda lies in the southern part of the town.Nyaung Shwe is the tourist hub for visiting Inle Lake and Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary. It consists of one main thoroughfare with numerous side streets and a few parallel roads. The main street has numerous shops, several restaurants, a few stupas, travel agencies and a market (located behind the storefronts). Near the end of this road, a bridge crosses the river channel near an impressive mirror-tiled stupa.The town serves as a marina for the numerous long boats carrying tourists into the lake. The lake itself is located a few kilometers south through a river channel.Nyaung Shwe can be reached by bus, car, or by plane via the airport in Heho, located about a one-hour drive away."
"Trần Văn Thời is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Trần Văn Thời District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam."
"Minbu (Burmese: မင်းဘူးမြို့) is a city in Magwe Division, Myanmar. As of 2004, the city has a population of 56,200. The area consists of low plain-land towards the Ayeyarwady River, and of undulating country inland rising higher and higher westwards towards the Arakan hills. Between the plain and the Arakan Yoma range is a distinct line of hills running north and south, and usually called the Nwa-Madaung hills. The submontane valleys are largely cultivated, but are deadly except to those born in them. The chief streams besides the Ayeyarwady are the Mn, the Maw, and the Salin, which are largely used for irrigation. At Minbu the Ayeyarwady is 3 miles wide, with many islands and sandbanks. There are considerable fisheries along the Ayeyarwady and on the Paunglin Lake, which is a lagoon fed from the Ayeyarwady. Oil has been discovered near the mud volcanoes of Minbu, but it seems to lie at too great a depth to be profitably worked.There is a large area of reserved forest near Minbu. The chief crops raised are rice, gram, millet, beans, peas, sesamum and tobacco. The betel-vine is largely cultivated along the Mon River. The annual rainfall varies greatly in the area. It is very considerable on and under the Arakari Yomas, and very slight towards the Ayeyarwady. The thermometer rises to over 100 Fahrenheit in the hot months, and the mean of minimum in December is about 49 F."
"Ba'aj is a city and district in the western part of the Ninawa Governorate of Iraq"
"Menteng is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta, one of the administrative city which forms the special capital territory of Jakarta, Indonesia.The subdistrict is best known as the location of the Menteng residential area, a new urban design developed in the 1910s to become a residential area for Dutch people and high officials. Supported by easy access to service centers and nearby to the central business district, this area has become one of the most expensive areas for residential real estate in Jakarta. Several important people such as former president Suharto take up residence in Menteng. The President of the United States Barack Obama spent his childhood in Menteng, attending local schools including Besuki Public School and St. Francis of Assisi School.Menteng Subdistrict is located to the south of Merdeka Square. It is roughly bounded by Kebon Sirih Road to the north, a canal to the west, the canal Kali Malang to the south, and the river Ciliwung to the east.Menteng Subdistrict is served by several railway stations (e.g. Gondangdia Station, Sudirman Station, Cikini Station, and Mampang Station. Mohammad Husni Thamrin Road is the main artery of Jakarta, which lies on the west part of Menteng Subdistrict."
"Cikarang is the capital of Bekasi Regency, West Java in Indonesia.  Jababeka is the biggest industrial estate in Southeast Asia. Property projects have also been built in Cikarang, such as Lippo Cikarang, Cikarang Baru, Taman Sentosa and Kota Delta Mas. The last one is the office complex of Bekasi."
"Hpruso  (Burmese: ဖရူဆိုမြို့) is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma."
"Selat Panjang (Chinese: 石叻班让; pinyin: shílèbānràng) is the capital of Kepulauan Meranti Regency, which is part of the province of Riau in Indonesia. The regency is a new regency in Riau province which was established in 2009 and it has been separated from Bengkalis Regency. Tebing Tinggi island is separated by a narrow channel from Sumatra, and is west of Singapore across the Strait of Malacca."
"Cam Đức is an urban township (thị trấn), the district capital of Cam Lâm District, Khánh Hòa Province, Vietnam.The township has an area of 1,583 hectares with a population of 14,831 inhabitants.Neighbouring communes: Cam Hải Đông to the east; to the west, it borders Cam Hiệp Bắc and Cam Hiệp Nam; and Cam Thành Bắc to the south; Cam Hải Tây to the north."
"Quy Đạt ((Vietnamese): Thị trấn Quy Đạt)  is a township and town in Minh Hóa District, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast, Vietnam. The township is the district seat and located on a mountainous area about 60 km north-west of the provincial capital Đồng Hới City. The township is the commercial and service center serving surrounding rural mountainous areas. Economic activities include: commerce, administrative service. Quy Đạt is crossed by National Route 12."
"Ürümqi (/uːˈruːmtʃi/, literally ""beautiful pasture"", from Mongolian), is the capital of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China in the northwest of the country. Urumqi was a major hub on the Silk Road during China's Tang dynasty, and developed its reputation as a leading cultural and commercial center during the Qing dynasty.With a built-up (or metro) population of 2,988,715 as of 2010 census (6 urban and suburban districts but Dabancheng not yet urbanized) and 3.03 million in 7 urban and suburban districts, Ürümqi is the largest city in China's western interior. Since the 1990s Ürümqi has developed economically and now serves as a regional transport node, cultural, and commercial centre."
"Šiauliai ([ʃɛʊ̯ˈlʲɛɪ̯ˑ] (13px )), is the fourth largest city in Lithuania, with a population of 133,900. 1994 to 2010 it was the capital of Šiauliai County. Unofficially, the city is the capital of Northern Lithuania."
"Altdorf (German for ""old village"") is the capital of the Swiss canton of Uri. The municipality covers an area of 10.23 square kilometers (3.95 sq mi) and is located at a height of 462 meters (1,516 ft) above sea-level, to the right of the river Reuss."
"Ambon (2010 pop. 330,335) is the main city and seaport of Ambon Island, and is the capital of Maluku province of Indonesia. It is one of the largest cities in eastern Indonesia.Ambon has an airport, and is home to the state-owned Pattimura University, a state university, and the Indonesian Christian University of Maluku (UKIM), a private Protestant university, though both were seriously damaged during the violence in 2000–2002."
"Arauca is a municipality and capital city of the Arauca Department of Colombia. Its full name is Villa de Santa Bárbara de Arauca, it is located at N 07° 05′ 25″ - W 70° 45′ 42″. The Municipality of Arauca has a total population of 82,149 (2005 census)."
"Augusta–Richmond County US /ə.ˈɡʌs.tə/ is a consolidated city-county in the U.S. state of Georgia, located at the fall line of the Savannah River, at the head of its navigable portion.The city was named after Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha (1719-1772), wife of Frederick, Prince of Wales. She was the mother of King George III of the United Kingdom.According to 2012 US Census estimates, the Augusta-Richmond County population was 197,872,  not counting the unconsolidated cities of Hephzibah and Blythe.Augusta is the principal city of the Augusta-Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area, which as of 2012 had an estimated population of 580,270, making it the third-largest city and the second-largest metro area in the state after Atlanta. It is the 116th-largest city in the United States. Internationally, Augusta is best known for hosting The Masters golf tournament each spring."
"Belém (Portuguese pronunciation: [beˈlẽj]) is a Brazilian municipality, the capital and largest city of state of Pará in the country's north. It is the gateway to the River Amazon with a busy port, airport, and bus/coach station. Belém lies approximately 100 km upriver from the Atlantic Ocean, on the Pará River, which is part of the greater Amazon River system, separated from the larger part of the Amazon delta by Ilha de Marajó (Marajo Island). With an estimated population of 1,402,056 people — or 2,249,405, considering its metropolitan area — it is the 11th most populous city in Brazil, as well as the 16th by economic relevance. It is the second largest in the North Region, second only to Manaus, in the state of Amazonas,Founded in 1616 by the Kingdom of Portugal, Belém was the first European colony on the Amazon but did not become part of Brazil until 1775. The newer part of the city has modern buildings and skyscrapers. The colonial portion retains the charm of tree-filled squares, churches and traditional blue tiles. The city has a rich history and architecture from colonial times. Recently it witnessed a skyscraper boom.Belém, literally Bethlehem is also known as the Metropolis of the Brazilian Amazon region or the Cidade das Mangueiras (City of Mango Trees) due to the vast number of those trees found in the city. Brazilians often refer to the city as Belém do Pará (""Belém of Pará"") rather than just Belém, a reference to an earlier name for the city, Santa Maria de Belém do Grão Pará, and also to differentiate it from a number of other towns called Belém in Brazil. It is named after Santa Maria de Belém in Lisbon, also better known by its shortened name, Belém.Belém is served by two airports: Val de Cães International Airport, which connects the city with the rest of Brazil and other cities in South America, and Brig. Protásio de Oliveira Airport (Júlio César) Airport dedicated to general aviation.The city is also home to the Federal University of Pará."
"Bellinzona (Italian pronunciation: [bɛllinˈdzoːna]; French: Bellinzone, pronounced: [bɛlɛ̃zon];  archaic German: Bellenz [ˈbɛlɛnts]; Latin Bilitio [biˈlitjo]) is the administrative capital of the canton Ticino in Switzerland. The city is famous for its three castles (Castelgrande, Montebello, Sasso Corbaro) that have been UNESCO World Heritage Sites since 2000.The town lies east of the Ticino river, at the foot of the Alps. It stretches along the river valley, surrounded by the southern ranges of the Lepontine Alps to the east and west, and by the Lugano Prealps to the south."
"Bihać (Cyrillic: Бихаћ; pronounced [bǐxaːt͡ɕ])  is a city on the River Una in northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the Bosanska Krajina region. It has 61,186 inhabitants. Bihać is located in the Una-Sana Canton (Canton I) of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina."
"Câmpulung (also spelled Cîmpulung, Romanian pronunciation: [kɨmpuˈluŋɡ]), or Câmpulung Muscel, is a city in the Argeş County, Muntenia, Romania. It is situated among the outlying hills of the Carpathian mountains, at the head of a long well-wooded glen traversed by the Râul Târgului, a tributary of the Argeş.Its pure air and fine scenery render Câmpulung a popular summer resort. In the city there are more than twenty churches, besides a monastery and a cathedral, which both claim to have been founded in the 13th century by Radu Negru, legendary first Prince of Wallachia."
"Cúcuta (Spanish: [ˈku.ku.ta] (13px )) is a Colombian city, capital of Norte de Santander. The full name of the city is San José de Cúcuta. Due to its proximity to the Colombia-Venezuela border, Cúcuta is an important commercial center. The city has the constitutional status of a Special District.  It is located at the most active international border in South America and is connected to Bogota, Caracas and Cartagena. Camilo Daza International Airport is located in Cúcuta.According to the 2005/2020 census, the population of Cúcuta is approximately 637,000, which ranks it as the 6th largest city in the country. For several years it has had the lowest unemployment rate in the country, which is currently 8.6%.It is situated in the Cordillera Oriental in the Andes and is connected with Venezuela through the Pan-American Highway. Its area (including rurality) of 1,176 square kilometres (454 sq mi) represents 5.65% of the department. Its altitude is 320 metres (1,050 feet) above sea level, with an average temperature of 28 °C (82 °F) and annual average precipitation of 1,041 mm (40.98 in).The city is bordered to the east by Venezuela and Puerto Santander, to the south by Villa del Rosario, Bochalema, and Los Patios, to the north by Tibú, and to the west by El Zulia and San Cayetano."
"The capital of Germany is the  city state of Berlin. It is the seat of the President of Germany, whose official residence is Schloss Bellevue. The Bundesrat (""federal council"") is the representation of the Federal States (Bundesländer) of Germany and has its seat at the former Prussian Herrenhaus (House of Lords). Though most of the ministries are seated in Berlin, some of them, as well as some minor departments, are seated in Bonn, the former capital of West Germany."
"Chalcis or Chalkida (/ˈkælsɪs/; Modern Greek: Χαλκίδα [xalˈciða], Ancient Greek/Katharevousa: Χαλκίς, Halkis) is the chief town of the island of Euboea in Greece, is situated on the Euripus Strait at its narrowest point.  The name is preserved from antiquity and is derived from the Greek χαλκός (copper, bronze), though there is no trace of any mines in the area. In the late Middle Ages, it was known as Negropont (Italian: Negroponte, ""black bridge""), a name that was applied to the entire island of Euboea as well."
"Chur or Coire (German: [ˈxuːr] or [khûr]; Italian: Coira [ˈkɔi̯ɾa]; Romansh: Cuira [ˈkwerɐ] or [ˈkwoi̯rɐ]; French: Coire [ˈkwaʁ]) is the capital of the Swiss canton of Graubünden and lies in the northern part of the canton. The city, which is located on the right bank of the Rhine River, is reputedly the oldest town of Switzerland."
"Ciudad Victoria (About this sound sjuˈðad bikˈtoɾja ), is the capital city of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is located in the western-central region of the state. Ciudad Victoria is also the municipal seat of the surrounding Victoria Municipality, which covers an area of 1,638 km² (632.4 sq mi). According to the 2010 INEGI population count, the city had 305,155 inhabitants, and the Victoria Municipality had a population of 321,953. The city and the municipality both rank fourth in population size in the state, behind Reynosa, Matamoros, and Nuevo Laredo."
"Cuiabá (Portuguese pronunciation: [kujaˈba]) is the capital city of the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. It is located in the exact centre of South America and forms the metropolitan area of the state, along with the neighbouring town of Várzea Grande.The city was founded in 1719, during the gold rush, it has been the state capital since 1818. The city is a trading centre for an extensive cattle-raising and agricultural area. The capital is between some of the fastest-growing cities in Brazil, followed by the growth of agribusiness in Mato Grosso, despite the recession that is affecting Brazilian industries.Cuiaba is the heart of an urban area that also includes the state's second largest city, Várzea Grande. Thermal electric and hydroelectric plants located in the area have been expanded since the completion of a natural gas pipeline from Bolivia in 2000. The city is the seat of the Federal University of Mato Grosso and the largest football stadium of the state, Arena Pantanal.The city is a rich mix of European, African and native American influences and numerous museums reflect this. Cuiabá is also notable for its cuisine, dance, music and craftwork. Known as the ""Southern gate to the Amazon"", Cuiabá experiences a hot humid tropical climate. Cuiabá was one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup."
"Culiacán (About this sound kuljaˈkan ) is a city in northwestern Mexico, the largest city in the state of Sinaloa as well as its capital and capital of the municipality of Culiacán. With 675,773 inhabitants in the city (census of 2010), and 858,638 in the municipality, it is the largest city in the state of Sinaloa. The municipality has a total area of 4,758 km2 (1,837 sq mi), the city itself is dense, at only 65 km2 (25 sq mi).The city is located in a valley at the confluence of the Tamazula and Humaya Rivers, where the two meet to form the Culiacán River, and is located 55 meters above sea level. It is located in the center of the state with almost equal distance to the other urban centers of the state: Los Mochis to the north, and Mazatlán to the south."
"Dammam (Arabic: الدمام‎ ad-Dammām) is the capital of Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia. The judicial and administrative bodies of the province and several government departments are located in the city. Dammam is the largest city in the Eastern Province, and the fifth largest in Saudi Arabia, after Riyadh, Jeddah, Mecca and Medina. It is the center of the Dammam Metropolitan Area which together forms part as the 3rd largest metropolitan area in Saudi Arabia having an estimated combined population of over 4,100,000  as of 2012; The Dammam metropolitan area, or greater Dammam, is the metropolitan area associated with the city of Ad Dammam, Eastern Province, and its suburbs. It is the area that is closely linked to the city through social, economic, and cultural ties, the city has a Sunni Muslim majority population. The Dammam metropolitan area: mainly known as greater Dammam, is the largest metropolitan area in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia formed by three main neighboring cities: Dammam, Dhahran, and Khobar these 3 respectable cities are sometimes referred to as the triplet cities. Greater Dammam also includes many other smaller cities such as: Al Qatif, Safwa, and Ras Tanura,form a population of 5,212,000 as of 2012. The city is growing at an exceptionally high rate of 12% a year, the fastest in the Kingdom, Gulf Cooperation Council, and the Arab World.Dammam Metropolitan Area, and the rest of the Eastern Province, is served by the King Fahd International Airport (KFIA), the largest airport in the world in terms of land area (approximately 780 km2), about 20 km to the northwest of the city. Dammam's King Abdul Aziz Sea Port is the largest on the Persian Gulf. Its import-export traffic in is second only to Jeddah Seaport in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA)."
"Douglas (Manx: Doolish) is the capital and largest town of the Isle of Man, with a population of 28,939 people (2011). It is located at the mouth of the River Douglas, and a sweeping bay of two miles. The River Douglas forms part of the town's harbour and main commercial port.Douglas was a small settlement until rapid growth occurred as a result of links with the English port of Liverpool in the 18th century. Further population growth came as the town industrialised in the following century, resulting in 1869 with the island's government, the Tynwald, relocating to Douglas from Castletown. The island's High Courts are also based in the capital.The town serves as the Island's main hub for business, finance, legal services, shipping, transport, shopping, and entertainment. The annual Isle of Man TT in motorcycle racing starts and finishes in Douglas."
"Drama (Greek: Δράμα [ˈðrama]) is a city and municipality in northeastern Greece. Drama is the capital of the regional unit of Drama which is part of the East Macedonia and Thrace region. The town (pop. 44,823 in 2011) is the economic center of the municipality (pop. 58,944), which in turn comprises 60 percent of the regional unit's population. The next largest communities in the municipality are Choristi (pop. 2,725), Χiropótamos (2,554), Kallífytos (1,282), Kalós Agrós (1,178), and Koudoúnia (996).Built at the foot of mount Falakro, in a verdant area with abundant water sources, Drama has been an integral part of the Hellenic world since the classical era; under the Byzantine Empire, Drama was a fortified city with a castle and rose to great prosperity under the Komnenoi as a commercial and military junction.In the modern era, tobacco production and trade, the operation of the railway (1895) and improvement of the road network towards the port of Kavala, led to an increase in the population of the city and to the enhancement of commercial activity.Drama hosts the ""Eleftheria"", cultural events in commemoration of the city's liberation, at the end of June or beginning of July, and an annual film festival in September."
"Exeter is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The town's population was 14,306 at the 2010 census. Exeter was the county seat until 1997, when county offices were moved to neighboring Brentwood. Home to the Phillips Exeter Academy, a private university-preparatory school, Exeter is situated where the Exeter River feeds the tidal Squamscott River.The urban portion of the town, where 9,242 people resided at the 2010 census, is defined by the U. S. Census Bureau as the Exeter census-designated place."
"Goiânia (/ɡɔɪˈɑːniə/; Portuguese pronunciation: [ɡojˈjɐ̃ɲɐ]) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Goiás. With a population of 1,301,892, it is the second-largest city in the Central-Western Region and the 13th-largest in the country. Its metropolitan area has a total population of 2,063,744, making it the 11th-largest in Brazil.Goiânia is a planned city founded on October 24, 1933 by then Governor Pedro Ludovico to serve as the new state capital and administrative center. Prior to this date, the state capital was the town of Goiás. Goiânia has the largest green area per inhabitant in Brazil, and the second-most in the world, after Edmonton, Canada."
"Grevena (Greek: Γρεβενά, Grevená, [ɣreveˈna], Aromanian: Grebini) is a town and municipality in Western Macedonia, Northern Greece, capital of the Grevena regional unit. The town's current population is 13,374 citizens (2011). It lies about 400 kilometres (249 miles) from Athens and about 180 km (112 miles) from Thessaloniki. The municipality's population is 25,905. Grevena has had access to the Egnatia Odos since the early 2000s, which now connects Igoumenitsa with Thessaloniki and Alexandroupoli at the border with Turkey. Mountains surround the municipality, which is situated by the river Greveniotikos, which itself flows into the Aliakmon. Other significant towns in the municipality are Amygdaliés and Méga Seiríni. Grevena Municipal Museum is located in the town."
"Herisau is a municipality of the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland. It is the seat of the canton's government and parliament; the judicial authorities are situated in Trogen. The central hamlet and the houses around the central square, the Protestant church of 1580, the houses Wetter and zur Rose (both 1737), the hamlet Schwänberg and the government building with the state archive are listed as heritage sites of national significance.Together with other Alpine towns Herisau engages in the Alpine Town of the Year Association for the implementation of the Alpine Convention to achieve sustainable development in the Alpine Arc. Herisau was awarded Alpine Town of the Year 2003."
"Iași ([jaʃʲ] (13px ); also referred to as Jassy or Iassy) is one of the largest cities in Romania and the seat of Iași County. Located in the Moldavia region, Iași has traditionally been one of the leading centres of Romanian social, cultural, academic and artistic life. The city was the capital of the Principality of Moldavia from 1564 to 1859, then of the United Principalities from 1859 to 1862, and the capital of Romania from 1916 to 1918.Known as The Cultural Capital of Romania, Iași is a symbol in Romanian history. The historian Nicolae Iorga said ""There should be no Romanian who does not know of it"". Still referred to as The Moldavian Capital, Iași is the main economic and business centre of the Moldavian region of Romania.As of 2011, the city proper had a population of 290,422 (the largest in eastern Romania, and the fourth most populous in the country), the Iaşi Metropolitan Area was home to 382,484 residents, while the population of the peri-urban area exceeded 500,000 residents. Home to the oldest Romanian university and to the first engineering school, Iași is one of the most important education and research centres of the country, and accommodates over 60,000 students in 5 public universities. The social and cultural life revolves around the Vasile Alecsandri National Theater (the oldest in Romania), the Moldova State Philharmonic, the Opera House, the Tătărași Athenaeum, a famous Botanical Garden (the oldest and largest in Romania), the Central University Library (the oldest in Romania), the high quality cultural centres and festivals, an array of museums, memorial houses, religious and historical monuments.In 2012, Iași was selected as one of the European Cities of Sport. The city is also a candidate to become, in 2021, the European Capital of Culture."
"Iowa City is a city in Johnson County, Iowa, United States. As of the 2010 Census, the city had a total population of about 67,862; the Census Bureau estimated the 2013 population at 71,591, making it the fifth-largest city in the state. Iowa City is the county seat of Johnson County and home to the University of Iowa. Iowa City is adjacent to the town of Coralville, and surrounds the town of University Heights, with which it forms a contiguous urban area. Iowa City is the principal city of the Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses Johnson County and Washington County and has a population over 150,000.Iowa City was the second capital of the Iowa Territory and the first capital city of the State of Iowa. The Old Capitol building is a National Historic Landmark in the center of the University of Iowa campus. The University of Iowa Art Museum and Plum Grove, the home of the first Governor of Iowa, are also tourist attractions. In 2008 Forbes Magazine named Iowa City the second-best small metropolitan area for doing business in the United States."
"Ismailia (Arabic: الإسماعيلية‎ al-Ismāʻīlīyah  Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [lesmæʕiˈlejjæ]) is a city in north-eastern Egypt. Known in Egypt as ""The City of Beauty and Enchantment"" Ismaïlia is situated on the west bank of the Suez Canal, it is the capital of the Ismailia Governorate. The city has a population (including surrounding rural areas) of approximately 750,000 inhabitants. It is located approximately half way between Port Said to the north and Suez to the south. The Canal widens at that point to include Lake Timsah, one of the Bitter Lakes linked by the Canal."
"Kōryō (広陵町, Kōryō-chō) is a town located in Kitakatsuragi District, Nara Prefecture, Japan.  It served as Japan's temporary capital from 640-642 AD, the Kudara Palace.  Kudara is a reference to the Korean kingdom of Baekje.  As of 2003, the town has a population of 34,569 and a density of 2,115.6 persons per km². The total area is 16.34 km²."
"Castoria redirects here. For the medicinal laxative, see Fletcher's Laxative.Kastoria (Greek: Καστοριά Kastoriá [kastoˈrʝa]) is a city in northern Greece in the region of West Macedonia. It is the capital of Kastoria regional unit. It is situated on a promontory on the western shore of Lake Orestiada, in a valley surrounded by limestone mountains. The town is known for its many Byzantine churches, Ottoman-era domestic architecture, fur clothing industry, and trout."
"Kavala (Greek: Καβάλα) is a city in northern Greece, the principal seaport of eastern Macedonia and the capital of Kavala regional unit. It is situated on the Bay of Kavala, across from the island of Thasos. Kavala is located on the Egnatia motorway and is a one and a half-hour drive to Thessaloniki (160 kilometres (99 miles) west) and a forty minute drive to Drama (37 km (23 miles) north) and Xanthi (56 km (35 miles) east). Its nickname is The cyan city (Η γαλάζια πόλη)."
"Košice (Slovak pronunciation: [ˈkɔʃɪt͡sɛ] (13px ), German: Kaschau, Hungarian: Kassa, Hungarian pronunciation: [’kɒʃːɒ] (13px )) is the biggest city in eastern Slovakia and in 2013 was the European Capital of Culture together with Marseille, France. It is situated on the river Hornád at the eastern reaches of the Slovak Ore Mountains, near the border with Hungary. With a population of approximately 240,000, Košice is the second largest city in Slovakia after the capital Bratislava.Being the economic and cultural centre of eastern Slovakia, Košice is the seat of the Košice Region and Košice Self-governing Region, the Slovak Constitutional Court, three universities, various dioceses, and many museums, galleries, and theatres. Košice is an important industrial centre of Slovakia, and the U.S. Steel Košice steel mill is the largest employer in the city. The town has extensive railway connections and an international airport.The city has a well-preserved historical centre, which is the largest among Slovak towns. There are many heritage protected buildings in Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque, and Art Nouveau styles with Slovakia's largest church: the St. Elisabeth Cathedral. The long main street, rimmed with aristocratic palaces, Catholic churches, and townsfolk's houses, is a thriving pedestrian zone with many boutiques, cafés, and restaurants. The city is well known as the first settlement in Europe to be granted its own coat-of-arms."
"Kozan (formerly Sis Armenian: Սիս) is a city in Adana Province, Turkey, 68 kilometres (42 miles) northeast of Adana, in the northern section of the Çukurova plain. The city is the capital of the ilçe (district) of Kozan. The Kilgen River, a tributary of the Ceyhan, flows through Kozan and crosses the plain south into the Mediterranean. The Taurus Mountains rise up sharply behind the town.Sis was the capital of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia and Sis Castle, now called Kozan Kalesi, was build on a long rocky ridge in the center of the modern city.The population of the city has grown rapidly in recent years, from 15,159 in 1960, to 54,451 in 1990, to 72,463 in 2007 and to 74,521 in 2009 (census figures)."
"Kozani (Greek: Κοζάνη, pronounced [koˈzani]) is a town in northern Greece, capital of Kozani regional unit and of West Macedonia region.  It is located in the western part of Macedonia, in the northern part of the Aliakmonas river valley. The city lies 710 metres (2,329 feet) above sea level, 15 kilometres (9 miles) northwest of the artificial lake Polyfytos, 120 km (75 miles) south-west of Thessaloniki, between the mountains Pieria, Vermio, Vourinos and Askio. The population of the Kozani municipality is over 70,000 people. The climate of the area is continental with cold and dry winters, and hot summers.Kozani is the home of the Technological Educational Institute of Western Macedonia and the University of Western Macedonia, with about 15,000 students from all over Greece and other places. It is also the seat of West Macedonia's court of appeal, police department, fire brigade, the seat of the 1st Army Corps of the Hellenic Army and of the Bishop of Servia and Kozani.One of the most important aspects of local folklore is Kozani's carnival at the end of the winter, which retains much of the profanity of the ancient Dionysiac cult. Kozani is renowned in Greece and abroad for the production of Saffron (Krokos Kozanis), in the nearby town of Krokos.Kozani is a transport node between Central Macedonia, Thessaly and Epirus. The nearest airport is Filippos Airport, 4 kilometres (2 miles) from the city, IATA code: KZI. The airport was first opened in the mid-20th century. Kozani is situated near the Egnatia Highway, which connects the coast of the Ionian Sea with Thessaloniki and Turkish borders."
"Liestal (formerly Liesthal, IPA: [ˈliə̯ʃd̥l̩]) is the capital of Liestal District and the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland, 17 km (11 mi) south of Basel.Liestal is an industrial town with a cobbled-street Old Town."
"Luxor (/ˈlʌk.sɔr/ or /ˈlʊk.sɔr/; Arabic: الأقصر‎ al-Uqṣur ; Egyptian Arabic: Loʔṣor  IPA: [ˈloʔsˤoɾ]; Sa'idi Arabic: Logṣor  [ˈloɡsˤor]) is a city in Upper (southern) Egypt and the capital of Luxor Governorate. The population numbers 487,896 (2010 estimate), with an area of approximately 416 square kilometres (161 sq mi). As the site of the Ancient Egyptian city of Thebes, Luxor has frequently been characterized as the ""world's greatest open air museum"", as the ruins of the temple complexes at Karnak and Luxor stand within the modern city. Immediately opposite, across the River Nile, lie the monuments, temples and tombs of the West Bank Necropolis, which includes the Valley of the Kings and Valley of the Queens. Thousands of tourists from all around the world arrive annually to visit these monuments, contributing greatly to the economy of the modern city."
"Manaus (Portuguese pronunciation: [mɐˈnaws] or [mɐˈnawʃ]), or Manáos before 1939, or (formerly) Lugar de Barra do Rio Negro, is the capital city of the state of Amazonas in northern Brazil. It is situated at the confluence of the Negro and Solimões rivers. With a population of two million, it is the most populous city of Amazonas, and also the most populous city of the Amazon rainforest.The city was founded in 1693-94 as the Fort of São José do Rio Negro. It was elevated to a town in 1832 with the name of ""Manaus"", an altered spelling of the indigenous Manaós peoples, and legally transformed into a city on October 24, 1848, with the name of Cidade da Barra do Rio Negro, Portuguese for ""The City of the Margins of Black River"". On September 4, 1856 it returned to its original name.Manaus is located in the middle of the Amazon rainforest, and access to the city is primarily through boat or airplane. This isolation helped preserve both the nature as well as the culture of the city. The culture of Manaus, more than in any other urban area of Brazil, preserves the habits of Native Brazilian tribes. The city is the main entrance to visit the fauna and flora of the Brazilian Amazon. Few places in the world afford such a variety of plants, birds, insects, and fishes.It was known at the beginning of the century, as ""Heart of the Amazon"" and ""City of the Forest"". Currently its main economic engine is the Industrial Pool of Manaus, the famous Free Economic Zone. The city has a free port and an international airport. Its manufactures include electronics, chemical products, and soap; there are distilling and ship construction industries. Manaus also exports Brazil nuts, rubber, jute and rosewood oil. It has a cathedral, opera house, zoological and botanical gardens, an ecopark and regional and native peoples museums.With a population of 2 million people in 2014, Manaus is the most populous city in the Brazilian Amazon area and the 7th most populous in the country. Located on the north bank of the Negro River, 11 miles (18 km) above the meeting of the rivers where the Negro merges with the Solimões, Manaus is 900 miles (1,450 km) inland from the Atlantic Ocean. It is the hub of tourism for the rivers, the jungle lodges and the river cruises.The Solimões and Negro rivers meet in Manaus and join to form the Amazon River (using the Brazilian definition of the river; elsewhere, Solimões is considered the upper part of the Amazon). Rubber made it the richest city in South America during the late 1800s. Rubber also helped Manaus earn its nickname, the ""Paris of the Tropics"". Many wealthy European families settled in Manaus and brought their love for sophisticated European art, architecture and culture with them. Manaus is also a duty-free zone, which has encouraged development in the region.Manaus was one of the host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. It was the only host city in the Amazon rainforest and the most geographically isolated, being further north and west than any of the other host cities."
"Mansoura (Arabic: المنصورة‎ al-Manṣūra, IPA: [el.mɑnˈsˤuːɾɑ], unurbanized accent: [el.mænˈsˤuːɾe]) is a city in Egypt, with a population of 480,494. It is the capital of the Dakahlia Governorate."
"Medellín (Spanish pronunciation: [meðeˈʝin]), officially the Municipality of Medellín (Spanish: Municipio de Medellín), is the second-largest city in Colombia and the capital of the department of Antioquia. It is located in the Aburrá Valley, a central region of the Andes Mountains in South America. According to the National Administrative Department of Statistics, the city has an estimated population of 2.44 million as of 2014. With its surrounding area that includes nine other cities, the metropolitan area of Medellín is the second-largest urban agglomeration in Colombia in terms of population and economy, with more than 3.5 million people.In 1616 the Spaniard Francisco Herrera Campuzano erected a small indigenous village (""poblado"") known as ""Saint Lawrence of Aburrá"" (San Lorenzo de Aburrá), located in the present-day El Poblado commune. On 2 November 1675, the queen consort Mariana of Austria founded the ""Town of Our Lady of Candelaria of Medellín"" (Villa de Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria de Medellín) in the Aná region, which today corresponds to the center of the city (east-central zone) and first describes the region as ""Medellín"". In 1826, the city was named the capital of the Department of Antioquia by the National Congress of the nascent Republic of Gran Colombia, comprised by present day Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador and Panama. After Colombia won its independence from Spain, Medellín became the capital of the Federal State of Antioquia until 1888, with the proclamation of the Colombian Constitution of 1886. During the 19th century, Medellín was a dynamic commercial center, first exporting gold, then producing and exporting coffee.At the beginning of the 21st century the city regained industrial dynamism, with the construction of the Medellín Metro commuter rail, liberalized development policies, improved security and improved education. Researchers at the Overseas Development Institute have lauded the city as a pioneer of a post-Washington consensus 'local development state' model of economic development.  The city is promoted internationally as a tourist destination and is considered by the GaWC as ""sufficient"" to be a global city.The Medellín Metropolitan Area produces 67% of the Department of Antioquia's GDP and 11% of the economy of Colombia. Medellín is important to the region for its universities, academies, commerce, industry, science, health services, flower-growing, festivals and nightlife.In February 2013, the Urban Land Institute chose Medellín as the most innovative city in the world due to its recent advances in politics, education and social development. In the same year, Medellín was announced as the preferred corporate business destination in South America, and won the Verónica Rudge Urbanism Award conferred by Harvard University to the Urban Development Enterprise, mainly due to the North-Western Integral Development Project in the city. In September 2013, the United Nations ratified Colombia's petition to host UN-Habitat's 7th World Urban Forum in Medellín, from April 5–11, 2014.The most recent survey on the global status of the Smart Cities by Indra Sistemas catalogs Medellín as one of the best cities to live in South America, sharing the first place with Santiago de Chile, and alongside Barcelona and Lisbon in Europe."
"Milledgeville is a city in and the county seat of Baldwin County in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is northeast of Macon along U.S. Highway 441 and is bordered on the east by the Oconee River. The rapid current of the river here made this an attractive location to build a city. It was the capital of Georgia from 1804 to 1868, notably during the American Civil War. Milledgeville was preceded as the capital city by Louisville and was succeeded by Atlanta, the current capital.The population of the town of Milledgeville was 18,382 at the 2010 census.Milledgeville is along the route of the under-construction Fall Line Freeway, which will link Milledgeville with Augusta, Macon, Columbus, and other Fall Line cities with long histories from colonial Georgia.Milledgeville is the principal city of the Milledgeville Micropolitan Statistical Area, a micropolitan area that covers Baldwin and Hancock counties and had a combined population of 54,776 at the 2000 census. The Old State Capitol building is located in the city."
"Morelia is a city and municipality in the north central part of the state of Michoacán in central Mexico. The city is in the Guayangareo Valley and is the capital of the state. The main pre-Hispanic cultures here were the P'urhépecha and the Matlatzinca, but no major cities were founded in the valley during this time. The Spanish took control of the area in the 1520s. The Spanish under Viceroy Antonio de Mendoza founded a settlement here in 1541 with the name of Valladolid, which became rival to the nearby city of Pátzcuaro for dominance in Michoacán. In 1580, this rivalry ended in Valladolid’s favor and it became the capital of the colonial province. After the Mexican War of Independence, the city was renamed Morelia in honor of José María Morelos, who hailed from the city. In 1991, the city was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its well preserved colonial buildings and layout of the historic center."
"Mytilene (Greek: Μυτιλήνη) is an ancient city founded in the 11th century BC.  Mytilene is the capital and port of the island of Lesbos and also the capital of the North Aegean Region.  The seat of governor of the North Aegean Region is Mytilene.  The current Governor is Athanasios (Nasos) Giakalis.  The total number of islands governed by the North Aegean are 9 and they are Lesbos, (Chios, Psara, Oinousses), (Ikaria, Fournoi Korseon), (Lemnos,  Agios Efstratios) and Samos.  Mytilene is also one of 13 municipalities (counties) on the island of Lesbos.  Mytilene is built on the southeast edge of the island. It is also the seat of a metropolitan bishop of the Orthodox church."
"Natchez is the county seat and only city of Adams County, Mississippi, United States. Natchez has a total population of 15,792 (as of the 2010 census). Located on the Mississippi River some 90 miles (140 km) southwest of Jackson, the capital of Mississippi, and 85 miles (137 km) north of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, it is the 25th-largest city in the state. It is named for the Natchez tribe of Native Americans who inhabited the area.Established by French colonists in 1716, Natchez is one of the oldest and most important European settlements in the lower Mississippi River Valley; it later served as the capital of the American Mississippi Territory and then of the state of Mississippi. It predates Jackson, which replaced Natchez as the capital in 1822, by more than a century. The strategic location of Natchez, on a bluff overlooking the Mississippi River, ensured that it would become a pivotal center of trade, commerce, and the interchange of ethnic Native American, European, and African cultures in the region, for the first two centuries of its existence.In U.S. history, it is recognized particularly for its role in the development of the Old Southwest during the first half of the nineteenth century. It was the southern terminus of the historic Natchez Trace, with the northern terminus being Nashville, Tennessee. This was used by many pilots of flatboats and keelboats, to return overland to their homes in the Ohio River Valley after unloading their cargo in Natchez or New Orleans. (It was not until the implementation of steam power that travel northward on the Mississippi River could be accomplished by boat.) The Natchez Trace also played an important role during the War of 1812. Today the modern Natchez Trace Parkway, which commemorates this route, still has its southern terminus in Natchez.In the middle of the nineteenth century, the city attracted wealthy Southern planters as residents, who built mansions to fit their ambitions; their plantations were vast tracts of land in the surrounding lowlands of Mississippi and Louisiana, where they grew large crops of cotton and sugar cane using slave labor. Natchez became the principal port from which these crops were exported, both upriver to Northern cities and downriver to New Orleans, where much of the cargo was exported to Europe. Many of the mansions built by planters before 1860 survive and form a major part of the city's architecture and identity. Agriculture remained the primary economic base for the region until well into the twentieth century.During the twentieth century, the city's economy experienced a downturn, first due to the replacement of steamboat traffic on the Mississippi River by railroads in the early 1900s, some of which bypassed the river cities and drew away their commerce. Later there was an exodus of many local industries that had provided a large number of jobs in the area. Despite its status as a popular destination for heritage tourism, because of its well-preserved antebellum architecture, Natchez has had a general decline in population since 1960. It remains the principal city of the Natchez, MS–LA Micropolitan Statistical Area."
"New Bern /ˈnuːbərn/ is a city in Craven County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 29,524, which had risen to an estimated 30,242 as of 2013.  It is the county seat of Craven County and the principal city of the New Bern micropolitan area. It is located at the confluence of the Trent and the Neuse rivers, near the North Carolina coast. It lies 112 miles (180 km) east of Raleigh, 87 miles (140 km) northeast of Wilmington, and 162 miles (261 km) south of Norfolk. New Bern is the birthplace of Pepsi Cola.New Bern was settled in 1710 by Swiss and Palatine German immigrants. The new colonists named the settlement after Bern, the capital of Switzerland and hometown of their leader Christoph von Graffenried. The English connection with Switzerland had been established by some Marian exiles who sought refuge in Protestant parts of Switzerland. There were also marriages between the Royal House of Stuart and notable people in the history of Calvinism. The colonists later discovered they had started their settlement on the site of a former Tuscarora village named Chattoka. This caused conflicts with the Tuscarora who were in the area.New Bern is the second-oldest European-American colonial town in North Carolina (after Bath). It served as the capital of the North Carolina colonial government, then briefly as the state capital. After the American Revolution, New Bern became wealthy and quickly developed a rich cultural life. At one time New Bern was called ""the Athens of the South,"" renowned for its Masonic Temple and Athens Theater. These are both still very active today.New Bern has four historic districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places; their numerous contributing buildings include residences, stores and churches dating back to the early eighteenth century. Within easy walking distance of the waterfront are more than 164 homes and buildings listed on the National Register. Also nearby are several bed and breakfasts, hotels, restaurants, banks, antiques stores and specialty shops. The historic districts contain many of the city's 2,000 crape myrtles—its official flower—and developed gardens. New Bern has two ""Local Historic Districts"", a municipal zoning overlay that affords legal protection to the exteriors of New Bern's irreplaceable historic structures. These areas provide much of New Bern's unique charm, appeal to retirees and heritage tourism, and contribute to the city's economic success. The Local Historic Districts, while vitally important to New Bern, comprise only 2.43% of New Bern's 27-square-mile area. There is considerable area available for new development."
"Opelousas is also a common name of the flathead catfish.Opelousas (French: Les Opelousas) is a city in and the parish seat of St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, United States.  It lies at the junction of Interstate 49 and U.S. Route 190.  The population was 22,860 at the 2000 census.  Although the 2006 population estimate was 23,222, a 2004 annexation should put the city's population above 25,000.  Opelousas is the principal city for the Opelousas-Eunice Micropolitan Statistical Area, which had an estimated population of 92,178 in 2008.  Opelousas is also the 3rd largest city in the Lafayette-Acadiana Combined Statistical Area, which has a population of 537,947.At only 7.5 square miles, Opelousas is the most densely populated incorporated city in Louisiana. Founded in 1720, Opelousas is Louisiana's 3rd oldest city.  The city served as a major trading post between New Orleans and Natchitoches in the 18th and 19th centuries. Traditionally an area of settlement by French Creoles and Acadians, Opelousas is the center of zydeco music.  It celebrates its heritage at the Creole Heritage Folklife Center, one of the destinations on the new Louisiana African American Heritage Trail.  It is also the location of the Evangeline Downs Racetrack and Casino.The city calls itself the spice capital of the world, with production and sale of seasonings such as Tony Chachere's products, Targil Seasonings, Savoie's cajun meats and products, and LouAna Cooking Oil.   Opelousas was also home to one of the nation's two Yoohoo Factories until their closing.During the tenure of Sheriff Cat Doucet from 1936 to 1940 and 1952 to 1968 that part of Opelousas along Highway 190 was a haven of gambling and prostitution. Doucet told the historian Michael Kurtz that the return of Earl Kemp Long to the governorship in 1956 allowed him to bring back brothels and casinos and to guarantee the sheriff a take of the proceeds."
"Pécs (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈpeːtʃ] (13px ); known by alternative names) is the fifth largest city of Hungary, located on the slopes of the Mecsek mountains in the south-west of the country, close to its border with Croatia. It is the administrative and economical centre of Baranya county. Pécs is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pécs.The city Sopianae was founded by Romans at the beginning of the 2nd century, in an area peopled by Celts and Pannoni tribes. By the 4th century it became the capital of Valeria province and a significant early Christian center. The early Christian necropolis is from this era which became an UNESCO World Heritage Site in December 2000.Its episcopate was founded in 1009 by Steven I, and the first university in Hungary was founded in Pécs in 1367 by Louis I the Great. (The largest university still resides in Pécs with about 34,000 students). Pécs was formed into one of the cultural and arts center of the country by bishop Janus Pannonius, the great, Hungarian, humanist poet. Pécs has a rich heritage from the age of a 150 year long Ottoman occupation, like the mosque of Pasha Qasim the Victorious on Széchenyi square.Pécs always was a multicultural city where many cultural layers are encrusted melting different values of the history of two thousand years. Hungarians, Croatians and Swabians still live in peace together in economic and cultural polarity. In 1998 Pécs was given the UNESCO prize Cities for peace for maintaining the cultures of the minorities, and also for its tolerant and helping attitude toward refugees of the Balkan Wars. In 2007 Pécs was third, in 2008 it was second Livable city (The LivCom Awards) in the category of cities between 75,000 and 200,000 inhabitants.In 2010 Pécs was selected to be the European Capital of Culture sharing the title together with Essen and Istanbul. The city's motto is: ""The Borderless City"". After receiving the title major renewal started in the city. Renewed public places, streets, squares and neighbourhoods, new cultural centers, a concert hall, a new library and center and a cultural quarter were designed."
"Papeete (pronounced [papeˈʔete]) is the capital of French Polynesia, an overseas country of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune (municipality) of Papeete is located on the island of Tahiti, in the administrative subdivision of the Windward Islands, of which Papeete is the administrative capital. The French High Commissioner also resides in Papeete. It is the primary center of Tahitian and French Polynesian public and private governmental, commercial, industrial and financial services, the hub of French Polynesian tourism and a commonly used port of call. The Windward Islands are themselves part of the Society Islands. The name Papeete means ""water from a basket"".The urban area of Papeete had a total population of 133,627 inhabitants at the August 2012 census, 25,769 of whom lived in the commune of Papeete proper."
"Patras (Modern Greek: Πάτρα, Greek pronunciation: [ˈpatra], Classical Greek and Katharevousa: Πάτραι (pl.), Greek pronunciation: [pátrai̯], Latin: Patrae (pl.)) is Greece's third largest urban area and the regional capital of Western Greece, in northern Peloponnese, 215 km (134 mi) west of Athens. The city is built at the foothills of Mount Panachaikon, overlooking the Gulf of Patras.The Patras City Area is a conurbation of 160.400 inhabitants, while its wider urban area, in the new Patras municipality, has a population of 213,984 (in 2011). Patras' core settlement has a history spanning four millennia, in the Roman period it had become a cosmopolitan center of the eastern Mediterranean whilst, according to Christian tradition, it was also the place of Saint Andrew's martyrdom.According to the results of 2011 census the population of the  metropolitan area has a population of 260.308 and extends over an area of 738.87 km2.Dubbed as Greece's Gate to the West, Patras is a commercial hub, while its busy port is a nodal point for trade and communication with Italy and the rest of Western Europe. The city has two public universities and one Technological Institute, hosting a large student population and rendering Patras a major scientific centre with a field of excellence in technological education. The Rio-Antirio bridge connects Patras' easternmost suburb of Rio to the town of Antirrio, connecting the Peloponnese peninsula with mainland Greece.Every year, in February, the city hosts one of Europe's largest and most colourful carnivals ; notable features of the Patras Carnival include its mammoth-sized satirical floats and extravagant balls and parades, enjoyed by hundreds of thousands of visitors in a pleasant Mediterranean climate. Patras is also famous for supporting an indigenous cultural scene active mainly in the performing arts and modern urban literature. It was European Capital of Culture 2006."
"Pietermaritzburg (UK /ˌpiːtəˈmærɪtsˌbɜrɡ/; Zulu: umGungundlovu) is the capital and second-largest city in the province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It was founded in 1838 and is currently governed by the Msunduzi Local Municipality. Its Zulu name umGungundlovu is the name used for the district municipality. Pietermaritzburg is popularly called Maritzburg in English and Zulu alike, and often informally abbreviated to PMB. It is a regionally important industrial hub, producing aluminium, timber and dairy products. It is home to many schools and tertiary education institutions, including a campus of the University of KwaZulu-Natal. It had a population of 228,549 in 1991; the estimated current population is around 500,000 (including neighbouring townships) and has one of the largest populations of Indian South Africans in South Africa."
"Popayán is the capital of the Colombian department of Cauca. It is located in southwestern Colombia between Colombia's Western Mountain Range and Central Mountain Range. It has a population of 258,653 people, a territorial extension of 512 km2, is located 1760 meters above sea level, and has an average temperature of 18/20°C.This town is well-known because of its beautiful colonial architecture and its contributions to Colombian cultural and political life. It is also known as the ""white city"" due to the color of the most of colonial houses and places in the city downtown, where several churches are located, such as San Francisco, San José, Belén, Santo Domingo, San Agustín, and the Catedral Basílica Nuestra Señora de la Asunción, known locally as ""La Catedral"".The city's cathedral was home to the Crown of the Andes, a 16th-century Marianist devotional object featuring emeralds taken from the captured Inca Emperor Atahualpa before its sale to finance local health care institutions.Much of the city's original splendor was destroyed on 31 March 1983, when an earthquake toppled many buildings. Though many of them were rebuilt and repaired, the heart of the city still bears ruins and empty lots since the disaster.Popayán has been home to seventeen Colombian presidents, as well as noted poets, painters, and composers. The University of Cauca (est. 1827), one of Colombia's oldest and most distinguished institutions of higher education, is located here; that is why Popayán is also known as the ""University City.""Nearby is Puracé National Natural Park, a geothermal wonderland of hot springs, waterfalls, and an inactive volcano from which the park derives its name. The nearest large city is Cali, in the Valle del Cauca Department, to the north of Cauca.In 2005, Popayán was declared by the UNESCO as the first city of gastronomy because of its variety and meaning to the intangible patrimony of Colombian culture. The culinary history of the Cauca Department was chosen because of their maintaining of traditional methods of food preparation which has been passed over through different generations orally. On 2009 September 28, UNESCO also declared the processions of the Easter Week processions as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Patrimony of Humanity."
"Port Said (Egyptian Arabic: بورسعيد Borsaʿīd or Porsaʿīd  IPA: [boɾ.sæˈʕiːd, poɾ.sæˈʕiːd], the first syllable has its pronunciation from French; unurbanized local pronunciation: [bɔrsaˈʕɛˑd]) is a city that lies in north east Egypt extending about 30 kilometres (19 mi) along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea, north of the Suez Canal, with an approximate population of 603,787 (2010). The city was established in 1859 during the building of the Suez Canal.Port Said has been ranked the second among the Egyptian cities according to the Human Development Index in 2009 and 2010, the economic base of the city is fishing and industries, like chemicals, processed food, and cigarettes. Port Said is also an important harbour for exports of Egyptian products like cotton and rice, but also a fueling station for ships that pass through the Suez Canal. It thrives on being a duty-free port, as well as a tourist resort especially during summer. It is home to the Lighthouse of Port Said (the first building in the world built from reinforced concrete).There are numerous old houses with grand balconies on all floors, giving the city a distinctive look. Port Said's twin city is Port Fuad, which lies on the eastern bank of the canal. The two cities coexist, to the extent that there is hardly any town centre in Port Fuad. The cities are connected by free ferries running all through the day, and together they form a metropolitan area with over a million residents that extends both on the African and the Asian sides of the Suez Canal.  The only other metropolitan area in the world that also spans two continents is Istanbul.Port Said acted as a global city since its establishment and flourished particularly during the nineteenth and the first half of the twentieth century when it was inhabited by various nationalities and religions. Most of them were from Mediterranean countries, and they coexisted in tolerance, forming a cosmopolitan community. Referring to this fact Rudyard Kipling once said ""If you truly wish to find someone you have known and who travels, there are two points on the globe you have but to sit and wait, sooner or later your man will come there: the docks of London and Port Said""."
"Poughkeepsie /pəˈkɪpsiː/ (pə-KIP-see), officially the City of Poughkeepsie, is a city in the state of New York, United States, which serves as the county seat of Dutchess County. Poughkeepsie is located in the Hudson Valley midway between New York City and Albany. The name derives from a word in the Wappinger language, roughly U-puku-ipi-sing, meaning ""the reed-covered lodge by the little-water place,"" referring to a spring or stream feeding into the Hudson River south of the present downtown area.Poughkeepsie is known as ""The Queen City of the Hudson."" Poughkeepsie is the principal city of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown metropolitan area, which includes all of Dutchess and Orange counties. It was originally settled in the 17th century by the Dutch and became New York's second capital shortly after the  American Revolution. It was chartered as a city in 1854. Major bridges in the city include the Poughkeepsie Bridge, a former railroad bridge now serving as a public walkway, which opened on October 3, 2009, and the Mid-Hudson Bridge, a major thoroughfare built in 1930 that carries U.S. Route 44 (concurrent with State Route 55) over the Hudson.  The City of Poughkeepsie lies in New York's 18th congressional district."
"Quebec (/kɨˈbɛk/; French: Québec [kebɛk] (13px )), also Québec, Quebec City, or Québec City (French: Ville de Québec), is the capital of the Canadian province of Quebec. In 2011 the city had a population of 516,622, and the metropolitan area had a population of 765,706, making it the second most populous city in Quebec after Montreal, which is about 233 km (145 mi) to the southwest.The narrowing of the Saint Lawrence River proximate to the city's promontory, Cap-Diamant (Cape Diamond), and Lévis, on the opposite bank, provided the name given to the city, Kébec, an Algonquin word meaning ""where the river narrows"". Founded in 1608 by Samuel de Champlain, Quebec City is one of the oldest cities in North America. The ramparts surrounding Old Quebec (Vieux-Québec) are the only fortified city walls remaining in the Americas north of Mexico, and were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985 as the 'Historic District of Old Québec'.According to the federal and provincial governments, Québec is the city's official name in both French and English, although Quebec City (or its French equivalent, Ville de Québec) is commonly used, particularly to distinguish the city from the province.  The city's famous landmarks include the Château Frontenac, a hotel which dominates the skyline, and La Citadelle, an intact fortress that forms the centre-piece of the ramparts surrounding the old city. The National Assembly of Quebec (provincial legislature), the Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec (National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec), and the Musée de la civilisation (Museum of Civilization) are found within or near Vieux-Québec."
"Santiago de Querétaro (Spanish pronunciation: [sanˈtjaɣo ðe keˈɾetaɾo]) is the capital and largest city of the state of Querétaro, located in central Mexico. It is part of the macroregion of Bajío. It is located 213 kilometers (132 mi) northwest of Mexico City, 63 kilometers (39 mi) southeast of San Miguel de Allende and 200 kilometers (120 mi) south of San Luis Potosí. The city of Querétaro is divided into seven boroughs: Josefa Vergara y Hernández, Felipe Carrillo Puerto, Centro Histórico, Cayetano Rubio, Santa Rosa Jáuregui, Félix Osores Sotomayor and Epigmenio González. In 1996, the historic center of Querétaro was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.Querétaro has repeatedly been recognized as the metro area with the best quality of life and as the safest city in Mexico and also as the most dynamic in Latin America. It is a strong business and economic centre  and a vigorous service city that is experiencing an ongoing social and economic revitalization.Querétaro has seen an outstanding industrial and economic development since the mid 1990s. Queretaro metropolitan area has the 2nd highest GDP per capita among Mexico's metropolitan areas with 20,000 USD after Monterrey. The city is the fastest-growing in the country, basing its economy to IT and data centers, logistics services, aircraft manufacturing and maintenance, call centers and manufacturing center for automotive and machinery industry, chemicals and food products. The region of Queretaro has a rapidily growing vineyards agriculture and it hosts the famous wine producer from Spain: Freixenet, the wine production in Queretaro is now the second largest in Mexico after the Baja California region.This has caused the city and the metropolitan area to attract many migrants from other parts of Mexico.Querétaro is the host for major corporations such as Bombardier Aerospace (an airplane manufacturing facility in Mexico), Kellogg's, Samsung Electronics, Daewoo, Colgate-Palmolive, General Electric, Michelin, Tetra Pak, Siemens Mexico, New Holland, ArvinMeritor, Autoliv, TRW Automotive, Tremec, Valeo Sylvania, Procter & Gamble, Nestlé, Pilgrim's Pride, Santander Bank's call center for Latin America, Mabe Mexico, Irizar, Scania, Hitachi, Kostal, Aernnova, Dana, Dow Chemical, Bose, Alpha Hilex, Saint-Gobain, Flex-N-Gate, and ThyssenKrupp, among others."
"Río Gallegos (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o ɣaˈʃeɣos]) is the capital and largest settlement of the Patagonian province of Santa Cruz in Argentina. Located in the department of Guer Aike, it has a population of about 98,000, according to the 2010 census [INDEC], a 24% increase from the 79,000 in the 2001 census [INDEC]. The city bears the name of the Gallegos River, and sits on its estuary 2,636 km (1,638 mi) south from the Argentinian federal capital Buenos Aires.Established on 19 December 1885 to increase Argentine power over southern Patagonia, Río Gallegos became the capital of the then Territory of Santa Cruz in 1888, retaining its status when the territory became a province in 1957. Nestor Kirchner, later President of Argentina,  served as the city's mayor from 1987 to 1991 and is interred in a mausoleum in the city's cemetery."
"Rengat is a town in Riau province of Indonesia and it is the capital (seat) of Indragiri Hulu Regency.The WWF keeps a conservation forest (it is named ""Bukit Tiga Puluh"") near the town, but the conservation area is no longer well-protected. Many companies take the nature resources from the forest without legal permit."
"São Luís (Portuguese pronunciation: [sɐ̃w luˈis], Saint Louis) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Maranhão. The city is located on Ilha de São Luís (Saint Louis' Island) in the Baía de São Marcos (Saint Mark's Bay), an extension of the Atlantic Ocean which forms the estuary of Pindaré, Mearim, Itapecuru and other rivers. Its coordinates are 2.53° south, 44.30° west. The city proper has a population of some 986,826 people (2008 IBGE estimate). The metropolitan area totals 1,227,659, ranked as the 16th largest in Brazil.São Luís, created originally as Saint-Louis, is the only Brazilian state capital founded by France (see France Équinoxiale) and it is one of the three Brazilian state capitals located on islands (the others are Vitória and Florianópolis).The city has two major sea ports: Madeira Port and Itaqui Port, through which a substantial part of Brazil's iron ore, originating from the (pre)-Amazon region, is exported. The city's main industries are metallurgical with Alumar, and VALE. São Luís is home of the Federal University of Maranhão.São Luís was the home town of famous Brazilian samba singer Alcione, Brazilian writers Aluísio Azevedo, Ferreira Gullar and Josué Montello, Belgian-naturalised soccer player Luís Oliveira, the musician João do Vale and Zeca Baleiro, a Música popular brasileira (MPB) singer."
"Saint-Denis (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃.də.ni], or unofficially Saint-Denis de la Réunion for disambiguation) is the préfecture (administrative capital) of the French overseas region and department of Réunion, in the Indian Ocean. It is located at the island's northernmost point, close to the mouth of the Rivière Saint-Denis.Saint-Denis is the most populous commune in the French overseas departments. At the 1999 census, there were 158,139 inhabitants in the urban area of Saint-Denis, 131,557 of whom lived in the city (commune) of Saint-Denis proper and the remainder in the neighbouring commune of Sainte-Marie."
"Saint Helier (/sənt ˈhɛliər/; French language: Saint-Hélier [sɛ̃t‿elje], Jèrriais: Saint Hélyi) is one of the twelve parishes of Jersey, the largest of the Channel Islands in the English Channel. St. Helier has a population of about 33,500, roughly 34.2% of the total population of Jersey, and is the capital of the Island (although Government House is situated in St. Saviour). The urban area of the parish of St. Helier makes up most of the largest town in Jersey, although some of the town area is situated in adjacent St. Saviour, with suburbs sprawling into St. Lawrence and St. Clement. The greater part of St. Helier is predominantly rural.The parish covers a surface area of 4.1 square miles (10.6 km2), being 9% of the total land area of the Island (this includes reclaimed land area of 494 acres (2.00 km2) or 200 ha).The parish crest is two crossed gold axes on a blue background, the blue symbolising the sea, and the axes symbolising the martyrdom of Helier at the hands of Saxon pirates in 555 A.D."
"San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca (Spanish pronunciation: [sam feɾˈnando ðel ˈβaʝe ðe kataˈmaɾka])  is a city in northwestern Argentina and capital of Catamarca Province, on the Río Valle River, at the feet of the Cerro Ambato. The city name is normally shortened as Catamarca.The city of 684 km2 (264 sq mi), located 500 m (1,640 ft) above the sea level, has 141,000 inhabitants (2001 census [INDEC]), with more than 200,000 counting the suburbia, what represents around 70% of the population of the province."
"San Jose (""Saint Joseph"", Spanish: San José, pronounced: [saŋ xoˈse]) is the capital of Costa Rica, head of the province of San José, and the nation's largest city. Located in the Central Valley, San José is the seat of national government, the focal point of political and economic activity, and the major transportation hub of this Central American nation. The population of San José Canton is 288,054, though the metropolitan area stretches beyond the canton limits and comprises a third of the country's population.Culturally, the city can be considered almost entirely European, in part because of Spanish immigration soon after Costa Rica's contact with Christopher Columbus, and the privileged classes which generally studied in Europe during the nineteenth century and early twentieth century. This can be seen in the architecture of the city, namely theatres, museums and houses in the city centre. It is named in honor of Joseph of Nazareth.Though few people live in the city center, it is the most important working area of the country, which brings in more than a million people daily. Despite its problems, according to studies in Latin America, San José is still one of the safest and least violent cities in the region. In 2006, the city was appointed Ibero-American Capital of Culture.San José is the sixth most important destination in Latin America, according to The MasterCard Global Destinations Cities Index 2012. San José ranked 15th in the world’s fastest growing destination cities by visitor cross-border spending."
"San Luis Potosí, commonly called SLP or simply San Luis, is the capital of, and most populous city in the Mexican state of San Luis Potosí. The city lies at an elevation of 1,850 metres (6,070 feet). It has an estimated population of 735,886 inhabitants in the city proper, and a population of approximately 1,021,688 in its metropolitan area which is formed with the neighbour city of Soledad and some other small townships inside the urban area. This makes the metropolitan area of Greater San Luis Potosí the eleventh largest in Mexico.The city of San Luis Potosí is located in the west-central part of the state of San Luis Potosí, at 22.16°N, 100.98°W. The municipality has an area of 1,443.14 square kilometres (557.20 square miles). It is part of the macroregion of Bajío.The city is named after Louis IX of France (also known in Mexico as San Luis Rey de Francia; Saint Louis, King of France), who is the city's patron saint. Potosí was added in reference to the fabulously rich mines of Potosí, Bolivia, discovered some forty years before the city was founded, as the exploitation of silver and gold mines in Cerro de San Pedro near San Luis was the main reason for the founding of the city in 1592.Nowadays the city is one of the main industrial centres in central Mexico with a prolific manufacturing industry. A number of foreign industries have chosen to invest in San Luis Potosí in the last decades thanks to its strategic location for trade, as the city is located halfway between Mexico City and the United States border, as well as in the middle of the triangle formed by Mexico City and the other two largest cities in Mexico, Guadalajara and Monterrey.Besides its industry-based economy, recently the city has been promoted as a touristic destination in central Mexico by state and federal programs. San Luis Potosí's historic downtown displays a great mixture of different artistic styles in many buildings and it's a major example of colonial architecture in Mexico. In 2010 the historic center of the city was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site within Camino Real de Tierra Adentro."
"San Miguel de Tucumán (usually called simply Tucumán) is the capital of the Tucumán Province, located in northern Argentina at 1,311 kilometres (815 mi) from Buenos Aires. The fifth-largest city of Argentina after Buenos Aires, Córdoba, Rosario and Mendoza, it is the most important city of Northern Argentina. The Spanish Conquistador Diego de Villarroel (es) founded the city in 1565 in the course of an expedition from present-day Peru. Tucumán moved to its present site in 1685."
"Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden situated on the shores of Lake Sarnen (Sarner See), Switzerland. It has a population of just under 10,000 and is surrounded by countryside and mountains. Sarnen is located 20 km south of Lucerne."
"Schwerin ([ʃvɛˈʁiːn] or [ʃvəˈʁiːn], Latin Suerina) is the capital and second-largest city of the northern German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The population is 91,583 (as of Dec 31, 2013).Schwerin was first mentioned in 1018 and was granted city rights in 1160, thus it is the oldest city of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is known for its romantic Schwerin Palace, crowning an island in the Lake Schwerin. The city also has a largely intact old town, thanks to only minor damage in World War II.Schwerin is located within the metropolitan regions of Hamburg, Berlin, Copenhagen-Malmö and Stettin and the nearby regiopolises of Rostock and Lübeck."
"Sérres (Greek: Σέρρες, katharevousa: Σέρραι, Sérrai) is a city in Macedonia, Greece, capital of the Serres regional unit and second largest city in the region of Central Macedonia, after Thessaloniki. Serres is one of the administrative and economic centers of Northern Greece. The city is situated in a fertile plain at an elevation of about 70 metres (230 feet), some 24 kilometres (15 miles) northeast of the Strymon river and 69 km (43 mi) north-east of Thessaloniki, respectively. Serres' official municipal population was 76,817 in 2011 with the total number of people living in the city and its immediate surroundings estimated at around 100,000. The city is home to the Technological Educational Institute of Serres (Greek: ΤΕΙ Σερρών, TEI Serron), composed of the  School of Technological Applications, the School of Management and Finance and the School of Graphic Arts and Design, with at least 10,000 Greek and international students."
"Shreveport (US dict: ˈshrēv-ˌpȯrt, ipa: /ˈʃriːvpɔrt/) is the third largest city in the state of Louisiana and the 113th-largest city in the United States. It is the seat of Caddo Parish and extends along the Red River (most notably at Wright Island, the Charles and Marie Hamel Memorial Park, and Bagley Island) into neighboring Bossier Parish. Bossier City is separated from Shreveport by the Red River. The population of Shreveport was 199,311 in 2010, and the Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Area population exceeds 441,000. The Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area ranks 111th in the United States, according to the United States Census Bureau.Shreveport was founded in 1836 by the Shreve Town Company, a corporation established to develop a town at the juncture of the newly navigable Red River and the Texas Trail, an overland route into the newly independent Republic of Texas and, prior to that time, into Mexico.Shreveport is the commercial and cultural center of the Ark-La-Tex region, where Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas meet."
"Sion (German: Sitten; Italian: Seduno; Latin Sedunum) is the capital of the Swiss canton of Valais.  As of December 2013 it had a population of 32,797.  On 17 January 1968 the former municipality of Bramois merged into the municipality of Sion.  On 1 January 2013 the former municipality of Salins merged into the municipality of Sion.Landmarks include the Basilique de Valère and Château de Tourbillon. Sion has an airfield for civilian and military use which serves as a base for countless life-saving air rescue missions."
"Spanish Town is the capital and the largest town in the parish of St. Catherine in the county of Middlesex, Jamaica. It was the former Spanish and English capital of Jamaica from the 16th to the 19th century. The town is home to numerous memorials, the national archives, a small population, and one of the oldest Anglican churches outside England (the others are in Virginia, Maryland and Bermuda)."
"St. Gallen (About this sound Sankt Gallen  or St Gall; French: Saint-Gall; Italian: San Gallo; Romansh: Son Gagl) is the capital of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It evolved from the hermitage of Saint Gall, founded in the 7th century. Today, it is a large urban agglomeration (with around 160,000 inhabitants) and represents the center of eastern Switzerland. The town mainly relies on the service sector for its economic base.The main tourist attraction is the Abbey of Saint Gall, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Its renowned library contains books which date back to the 9th century.The city has good transport links to the rest of the country and to neighbouring Germany and Austria. It also functions as the gate to the Appenzell Alps."
"Stanley (/ˈstænli/; also known as Port Stanley) is the capital of the Falkland Islands. It is located on the island of East Falkland, on a north-facing slope in one of the wettest parts of the islands. At the 2012 census, the town had a population of 2,121 The entire population of the Falkland Island was 2,841 on Census Day on 15 April 2012. Stanley is represented by five members of the Legislative Assembly of the Falkland Islands, currently Jan Cheek, Barry Elsby, Michael Poole, Gavin Short and Mike Summers."
"Stans is the capital of the canton of Nidwalden (Nidwald) in Switzerland."
"Târgoviște (alternative spelling: Tîrgoviște; Romanian pronunciation: [tɨr.ˈɡo.viʃ.te]) is a city in Romania, being the county seat of the Dâmbovița County. It is situated on the right bank of the Ialomiţa River. At the 2011 census Târgoviște had a population of 73,964, making it the 26th largest city in Romania. One of the most important cities in the history of Wallachia, it was its capital between early 15th century and 16th century."
"Trikala (Greek: Τρίκαλα) is a city in northwestern Thessaly, Greece, and the capital of the Trikala regional unit. The city straddles the Lithaios river, which is a tributary of Pineios. According to the National Statistical Service, Trikala is populated by 81,355 inhabitants (2011), while in total the Trikala regional unit is populated by 131,085 inhabitants (2011)."
"Tripoli (Greek: Τρίπολη, Trípoli, formerly Τρίπολις, Trípolis; earlier Τριπολιτσά Tripolitsa) is a city in the central part of the Peloponnese, in Greece.  It is the capital of the Peloponnese region as well as of the regional unit of Arcadia. The homonym municipality has around 47,000 inhabitants."
"Trogen is a municipality in the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland. The town is the seat of the canton's judicial authorities."
"Viedma (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈbjeðma]) is the capital and fourth largest city of the Río Negro Province, in South-Central Argentina. The city has 47,246 inhabitants (2001), and is located on the southern margin of the Negro River, about 30 kilometres off the Atlantic Coast, and 960 km from the city of Buenos Aires on the National Route 3."
"Villahermosa (Spanish pronunciation: [bi.ʎa.eɾˈmo.sa], Beautiful Village) is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Tabasco, and the municipal seat of the Centro municipality. Villahermosa reported a population of 658,524 in the 2005 census, whereas its Centro municipality had 558,524 inhabitants. The municipality covers an area of 1,612 km2 (622.4 sq mi). The city is 863 kilometers from Mexico City."
"Volos (Greek: Βόλος) is a coastal port city in Thessaly situated midway on the Greek mainland, about 326 kilometres (203 miles) north of Athens and 215 kilometres (134 miles) south of Thessaloniki. It is the capital of the Magnesia regional unit. Volos is the only outlet to the sea from Thessaly, the country's largest agricultural region. With a population of 144,449 (2011), it is an important industrial centre, while its port provides a bridge between Europe, the Middle East and Asia.The urban area counts 150,009 inhabitants with an area of 496.6 km2.Volos is the newest of the Greek port cities, with a large proportion of modern buildings erected following the catastrophic earthquakes of 1955. It includes the municipal units of Volos, Nea Ionia and Iolkos, as well as smaller suburban communities. The economy of the city is based on manufacturing, trade, services and tourism. Home to the University of Thessaly, the city also offers facilities for conferences, exhibitions and major sporting, cultural and scientific events. Volos participated in the 2004 Olympic Games, and the city has since played host to other athletic events, such as the European Athletic Championships. Volos hosted the 7th International Olympiad on Astronomy and Astrophysics from 27 July to 5 August 2013."
"Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as Washington, ""the District"", or simply D.C., is the capital of the United States. The signing of the Residence Act on July 16, 1790, approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country's East Coast. The U.S. Constitution provided for a federal district under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Congress and the District is therefore not a part of any U.S. state.The states of Maryland and Virginia each donated land to form the federal district, which included the pre-existing settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria. Named in honor of George Washington, the City of Washington was founded in 1791 to serve as the new national capital. In 1846, Congress returned the land originally ceded by Virginia; in 1871, it created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the District.Washington, D.C., had an estimated population of 658,893 in 2014, the 23rd-most populous city in the United States. Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city's population to more than one million during the workweek. The Washington metropolitan area, of which the District is a part, has a population of 5.8 million, the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area in the country.The centers of all three branches of the federal government of the United States are in the District, including the Congress, President, and Supreme Court. Washington is home to many national monuments and museums, which are primarily situated on or around the National Mall. The city hosts 176 foreign embassies as well as the headquarters of many international organizations, trade unions, non-profit organizations, lobbying groups, and professional associations.A locally elected mayor and a 13‑member council have governed the District since 1973.  However, the Congress maintains supreme authority over the city and may overturn local laws. D.C. residents elect a non-voting, at-large congressional delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives, but the District has no representation in the U.S. Senate. The District receives three electoral votes in presidential elections as permitted by the Twenty-third Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1961."
"West Columbia is a city in Brazoria County in the U.S. state of Texas. The city is centered on the intersection of Texas Highways 35 & 36, 55 miles (89 km) southwest of downtown Houston. The population was 3,905 at the 2010 census.The first Congress of the Republic of Texas was convened in West Columbia on October 3, 1836. (It was then named simply Columbia.)"
"Wheeling is a city in the State of West Virginia and is the county seat of Ohio County, but also has some subdivisions in Marshall County. Located along the Ohio River in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, Wheeling was originally a settlement in the British Colony of Virginia and later an important city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Wheeling was the first state capital of West Virginia. Thanks to its location along major transportation routes, including the Ohio River, National Road, and the B&O Railroad, Wheeling became a manufacturing center in the late Nineteenth Century. After experiencing the closing of industry and substantial population loss following World War II, Wheeling's major industries now include healthcare, education, law & legal services, entertainment & tourism, and energy.Wheeling is the county seat of Ohio County and the principal city of the Wheeling Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the Wheeling, WV MSA had a population of 147,950 and the city had a population of 28,486."
"Xanthi (Greek: Ξάνθη, Xánthi, [ˈksanθi]); is a city in Thrace, northeastern Greece. It is the capital of the Xanthi regional unit of the region of East Macedonia and Thrace.Amphitheatrically built on the foot of Rhodope mountain chain, the city is divided by the Kosynthos River, into the west part, where the old and the modern town are located, and the east part that boasts a rich natural environment. The Old Town of Xanthi is known throughout Greece for its distinctive architecture, combining many Byzantine Greek churches with neoclassical mansions of Greek merchants from the 18th and 19th centuries and Ottoman-era mosques. Other landmarks in Xanthi include the Archaeological Museum of Abdera and the Greek Folk Art Museum.Xanthi is famous throughout Greece (especially Northern Greece) for its annual spring carnival (Greek: καρναβάλι) which has a significant role in the city's economy. Over 40 cultural associations from around Greece participate in the carnival program. The festivities which take place during the period include concerts, theatre plays, music and dance nights, exhibitions, a cycling event, games on the streets, and re-enactments of old customs."
"Yinxu, or Yin Xu, (Chinese: 殷墟; pinyin: Yīnxū; literally: ""Yin Ruins""; IPA: [ínɕý]) is the site of one of the ancient and major historical capitals of China. It is the source of the archeological discovery of oracle bones and oracle bone script, which resulted in the recognition of the earliest known Chinese writing. The archeological remnants (or ruins) known as Yinxu represent the ancient city of Yin, the last capital of China's Shang dynasty which existed through eight generations for 255 years, and through the reign of 12 kings. Yinxu  was discovered, or rediscovered, in 1899; it is one of China's oldest and largest archeological sites, and is an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Yinxu is located in northernmost Henan province near the modern city of Anyang, and near the Hebei and Shanxi province borders. Public access to the site is permitted."
"Zanesville is a city in and the county seat of Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. The population was 25,487 at the 2010 census."
"Ad-damir (Arabic: الدامر‎ Ad Dāmr) is the capital of the state of River Nile in Sudan. Its location between the river Nile and Atbara river, with population of about 20,000, make it the most visited town in the state. Its famous market (Soug Al sabit) is the most important in the area."
"For the musical genre, see Dawr.Ad-Dawr (Arabic: الدور; pronounced similar to ""door"") also known as Al-Dour, is a small agricultural town near the Iraqi town of Tikrit.Populated mainly by Arabs, ad-Dawr is home to a housing complex called ""Saad 14"", which was built by Hyundai Engineering & Constructions Inc., a major South Korean construction company, during the 1980s. One of the most well-known Arab historical scholars, Professor-Doctor Abdul Aziz Al-Douri (b. 1918 – d. 2010), was a native of ad-Dawr; he served as the chancellor of Baghdad University during the 1960s."
"Ain Sifni (Classical Syriac: ܥܝܢ ܣܦܢܐ, Arabic: عين سفني‎, Kurdish: ‘Eyn Sifnî, also called Shekhan) is an Assyrian village. It is also one of the primary holy towns of the Yazidis and the seat of the Shekhan District in the Ninawa province in Iraq.The town is mainly populated by Kurdish Muslims and Yazidis, and a small minority of Assyrians.  The Kurdish dialect of Kurmanji, along with Arabic and Neo-Aramaic are spoken in the town. Prior to the Kurdistan, the town was the second largest population center of the Yezidi Kurds."
"Al-Faw (Arabic: الفاو‎; sometimes transliterated as Fao) is a small port on the Al Faw Peninsula in Iraq near the Shatt al-Arab and the Persian Gulf. The Al Faw Peninsula itself is part of the Basrah Governorate."
"Al-Qa'im (القائم) is an Iraqi town located nearly 400 km northwest of Baghdad near the Syrian border and situated along the Euphrates River, and located in the Al Anbar Governorate. It has a population of about 250,000 and is the centre of the Al-Qa'im District.The Al Qaim region has some of the richest soil in the Middle East.  Beyond that, the river water at this point carries less salt and mineral, so that it takes significantly less water to sustainably produce crops here than farther downstream, where more gallon of water must be used to avoid salinity."
"Al Khalis, (Khalis or Al Khales), is a town roughly 15 kilometers (9 mi) north of Baqubah in one of the six districts of the Diyala Governorate. In the Arabic language, Al Khalis translates to the word pure.  However, the name and the word hark back to the imperial Caliphate, Persian and Ottoman times when ""Khalisa"" stood for ""exclusive"", meaning the royal land/royal property exclusive to the royal house. Al Khalis now is a collection of many neighbourhoods which was built around a tiny farming village known as Alibat. Alibat is a small farming village inhabited by a mix of sunnis and shia whom together coexisted and intermarried each other. Alibat is a compound word which translates to ""Ali Sleptover"".  Ali is the cousin of prophet Mohammed and also the fourth Khalif in Islam.  There is no historical record indicating that Ali indeed slept over in the village. The Khalis district previously housed the Mujahedin-e Khalq (PMOI, MEK, MKO) in Camp Ashraf. They are currently being housed at the former Camp Liberty near Baghdad International Airport. Ashraf City residents are all considered as ""protected persons,"" under the Fourth Geneva Convention. However, this has not been upheld since the departure of coalition forces."
"Amadiya (Kurdish: Amêdî, Arabic: اميدي‎, Amediyah), is a town along a tributary to the Great Zab in the Dahuk Governorate of Iraqi Kurdistan. The city is situated 4,600 feet (1,400 m) above sea level."
"Aqrah (Kurdish Akrê, ئاکرێ; Syriac: ܥܩܪܐ ʻaqra) (from the Syriac word meaning ""barren,"" referring to the land) is an historically Assyrian city and district in Iraq which is located in the Dohuk Governorate since 1991. The total area of the district is (6418) km2. The district of Aqrah was formed in 1877 by the Ottoman Empire and the city of Aqrah became the center of the district. Before 1991 the large district of Aqrah was part of Ninawa Governorate, but after the Kurdish Uprising in 1991, Aqrah district became a part of Dohuk Governorate."
"Arish or Al-Arīsh (Arabic: العريش‎ al-ʿArīš  Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [elʕæˈɾiːʃ]) is the capital and largest city (with 114,900 inhabitants as of 2002) of the Egyptian governorate of North Sinai, as well as the largest city on the entire Sinai Peninsula, lying on the Mediterranean coast of the Sinai peninsula, 344 kilometers (214 mi) northeast of Cairo.  Arish is distinguished by its clear blue water, widespread fruitful palmy wood on its coast, and its soft white sand. It has a marina, and many luxury hotels. The city also has some of the faculties of Suez Canal University.Arish is by a big wadi, the Wadi Al Arish, which receives flash flood water from much of north and central Sinai. The Azzaraniq national park is at the eastern side of Arish."
"Ash Shatrah is a town in the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq, located on the Gharraf Canal at the intersection with Highway 7.  It is 22.35 km west of the ancient city of Lagash. It has a 2009 population estimated between 65 and 90 thousand."
"Badra (Arabic,بدرة, Kurdish Bedre) is a town in south eastern Iraq near the Iraqi-Iranian borders in Wasit Governorate. Its population is a mixture of Arabs, Turkmen and Faili Kurds.Badra is located next to the site of the ancient city Der.Badra is also located on top of the Badra oil field which, after a discovery well was drilled in 1979, has remained unexploited until 2011."
"Baia (Hungarian: Moldvabánya, Latin: Civitas Moldaviae) is a commune in the Suceava County, Romania with a population of 6,793 (2002 census). It is composed of two villages, Baia and Bogata. Located on the Moldova River, it was one of the earliest urban settlements in Moldavia.The Romanian name means ""the mine"" as in Hungarian, but it's also possible that the Hungarian name was borrowed from Romanian and not vice versa, since no mine was ever attested or discovered in the area. It is possible that it derives from the term Bania (from Ban, a political leader). Baia was mentioned for the first time in the Nestor chronicle under the name Bania.An earlier name of the settlement was Târgul Moldovei which means ""the market of Moldavia"", referring to the Moldova River. Its Hungarian name was Moldvabánya, ""the Moldova mine"". It also had a Latin name, Civitas Moldaviae which was found on an early seal of the city.One of the earliest mention of the town was in Poland in 1335, when a certain merchant was mentioned by the name of ""Alexa Moldaowicz"" (i.e. Alexa from the Town of Moldavia) and the next was in 1345, when Baia is placed on a list of towns of the Franciscan missionaries. The town was funded by Saxons, a term applied to German settlers who came to the area because they were poor miners or groups of convicts from Saxony.The town was burnt by the Moldavian army in the prelude to the Battle of Baia when Ștefan cel Mare destroyed a Hungarian army on the night of December 15, 1467."
"Bojnord (Persian: بجنورد) (also spelled Bojnūrd, Bujnūrd, Bojnoord, or Bujnurd.) is the capital city of North Khorasan province, Iran. It is about 701 km (436 mi) from Tehran.The ancient city was situated on a hill northwest of the present city of Bojnurd called Sareban Mehalleh, also known as Sarvan Mahaleh by local people.Maneh is a small sector in the northwest of Bojnurd city.The city is quite famous for its multicultural background.  Many people speak at least 2 different languages including Persian, Tati, Khorasani Turkic, Kurmanci Kurdish, and Turkmen. Intermarriage between said ethnic groups is common.The city is famous for its Turkmen horses and professional horse training centers.  People from all over the world often come over to visit these highlights."
"Curtea de Argeș (Romanian pronunciation: [ˌkurte̯a de ˈard͡ʒeʃ]) is a city in Romania on the right bank of the Argeş River, where it flows through a valley of the lower Carpathians (the Făgăraş Mountains), on the railway from Pitești to the Turnu Roşu Pass. It is part of Argeș County. The city administers one village, Noapteș.On July 7, 1947, the total rainfall in Curtea de Argeș was 205.7 mm (8.10 in.) in 20 minutes, which is a world record."
"Kifri (or ""Kifrî"") is a town in Iraq and the seat of Kifri District. The district population was estimated at 42,010 in 2003 (source: 2003 - NGO Coordination Committee in Iraq). A Turkman majority, and Arab and Feylis minorities, form the population both in this town and in the surrounding District, which is currently part of As Sulaymaniyah Governorate.Until the 1970s, many inhabitants of the town of Kifri and the villages west to the city were Turkmen. The population in the eastern villages was almost completely Kurdish. Until present time the origin citizens of Kifri are Turkmens; others are just gathered from villages around Kifri. However, after 1980 enforced Arabization changed this situation, and after 2003 a Kurdization policy - accompanied by large-scale emigration of the Turkmen (mainly to Baghdad and Kirkuk) - changed the demography of the city. The oldest districts - namely Ismail Beg, Dedeler and Sade - are the original districts mainly inhabited by Turkmen, whereas the newer ones such as Imam Muhammed and Awberi are Kurdish. The mostly well-known old places are Baba Şahsivar, ismail beg, karaoğlan, kapalı çarşı, büyük camii, öksürme deliği etc. these places named by Turkish or Turkmani language this is a proof for showing the major inhabitants in Kifri. The arched old bazar with its hans is typical of Ottoman architecture. Unfortunately due to neglect this interesting heritage is being nullified."
"Kuajok, also spelled Kwajok, is a city in South Sudan, and the capital of Warrap State."
"Lefkada (Greek: Λευκάδα - Lefkáda) is a city and a former municipality on the island of Lefkada, Ionian Islands, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Lefkada, of which it is a municipal unit. It is the capital and main town of the island of Lefkada, located in the northern and northeastern part of the island. The city had a 2001 census population of 13,947 inhabitants. The municipal unit has a land area of 60.628 square kilometres (23.409 sq mi) and a population of 16,307. Its next largest towns are Lygiá (pop. 739), Nikiána (681), Apólpaina (507), Frýni (444), Kariótes (442), and Tsoukaládes (431)."
"Mkokotoni is a city located on the Tanzanian island of Unguja (Zanzibar). The city serves as capital of the Zanzibar North region."
"Putna is a commune in Suceava County, in the Moldavia region of Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gura Putnei and Putna. The Putna Monastery, Putna River and the cave of Daniil Sihastrul are located in this commune."
"Rabak (ربك) is a city in southeastern Sudan and the capital of the Sudanese state of White Nile. It is one of the major cities of Sudan, an industrial city in which are located several factories, such as the Nile Cement Company factory, the Kenana sugar factory, and the Assalaya sugar factory."
"Ranya (رانیه; Ra:nya) is a town located in Iraqi Kurdistan, 130 kilometres (81 mi) northwest of Sulaymaniyah. The population of this city was involved in the revolutionary movement of Kurdish people from the war against the British Empire invasion during Şêx Mehmud's government, the Eylûl revolution, and the uprising which broke out in this city on 5 March 1991. Consequently it acquired the name of 'the gate of uprising'. The city includes a number of tourist sites, notably the shore of the Derbendi, the area around the Reşemêrg spring, the Kwerakani spring which runs from the Central mosque through Ranyae's main bazaar Girdedême hill and Bêtwate, the villages in the Dola Raqa valley. Ranya is surrounded by three mountain ranges, the Kewarash, the Hajila and the Asos. Lake Dukan, created by the construction of a hydro-electric dam, is near the town.  Ranya neighbourhoods include Qelat, Reşemêrg, Gilîincan, Sera, Rizgarî, Raperîn, Andazyaran, Azadî  1, Azadî 2, Kêwereş, Qule،Mamostayan, Nawroz, and Fermanberan. The first known newspaper published in Ranya appeared in 1942 under the name of Blêse (flame)."
"Sakakah (Arabic: سكاكا‎), is an oasis town in northwestern Saudi Arabia and is the capital of Al Jawf Province. It is located just to the north of the An Nafud desert. Sakakah had a population of 242,813 at the 2010 Census."
"Shaqlawa (Kurdish: شەقڵاوە, Syriac: ܫܩܠܒܕ, Arabic: شقلاوة‎) is an historically Assyrian city in the Arbil Governorate in the Kurdistan region of Iraq.Shaqlawa, a city of approximately 25,000 people, lies 51 km to the northeast of Erbil, at the bottom of Safeen Mountain. Shaqlawa is situated between Safeen Mountain and Sork Mountain, and sits 966 m above sea level. The town is inhabited mostly by Kurds, with a small Assyrian minority.Due to its cool summer weather, Shaqlawa is visited annually by thousands of tourists from other parts of Iraq."
"Veria (officially transliterated as Veroia, Greek: Βέροια or Βέρροια), historically also spelled Berea, is a city in northern Greece, located 511 kilometres (318 miles) north-northwest of the capital Athens and 73 km (45 mi) west-southwest of Thessalonica.Even by the standards of Greece, Veria is an old city; first mentioned in the writings of Thucydides in 432 BC, there is evidence that it was populated as early as 1000 BC. Veria was an important possession for Philip II of Macedon (father of Alexander the Great) and later for the Romans. Apostle Paul famously preached in the city, and its inhabitants were among the first Christians in the Empire. Later, under the Byzantine and Ottoman empires, Veria was a center of Greek culture and learning. Today Veria is a commercial center of Central Macedonia, the capital of the regional unit of Imathia and the seat of a metropolitan bishop of the Ecumenical Patriarchate and the Church of Greece."
"Warrap (Arabic: واراب‎) was the capital of the state of Warrap in South Sudan. It has since been supplanted as the capital by Kuajok.ar:وارابid:Warab (negara bagian)"
"Wau (Arabic: واو Wāw; also Wow or Waw) is a city in northwestern South Sudan, on the western bank of the Jur River, in Wau County, Western Bahr el Ghazal State. It lies approximately 650 kilometres (400 mi), northwest of Juba, the capital and largest city in that country."
"Ajasse Ipo is an ancient town in Igbomina-Yoruba land of Kwara State. Ajasse Ipo is sometimes spelt as Ajase-Ipo and is also known as Ajasse or Ajasepo.  It is one of the prominent towns in Irepodun Local Government Area of the Kwara State. Ajasse Ipo is situated in the northeastern part of Yoruba land in northcentral Nigeria and consists of other different villages such as Eleyoka, Amberi, Falokun, Araromi etc. The present ruler of Ajasse Ipo also referred to as Olupo, is Oba Sikiru Woleola II."
"Asaba (Igbo: Àhàbà) is the capital of Nigeria's Delta State, and has an estimated population of 149,603 (2006 census)."
"Barclayville, the capital and most populous settlement in Grand Kru County is located in southeastern Liberia about 10 miles inland from Picinicess. As of the 2008 national census, the population stood at 2,733. The Barclayville township straddles the banks of the Na River. Roads from Kanweaken to the northwest, Pleebo to the southeast, and to Picinicess and Grand Cess to the southeast, all intersect at Barclayville. In March 2006 the United Nations reported completion of the Na River bridge at Barclayville, connecting the Kanweaken and Pleebo roads for the first time.The modern jurisdiction of Barclayville was created by President Barclay in response to the last Kru Wars in the 1930s. As part of the effort to exert central government authority and diminish inter-tribal conflicts that resulted in devastation, four separate villages were combined into one township.  Until the creation of Barclayville, the constituent villages of Seetor and Kayken, which are from rival chiefdoms, were in periodic conflict. The villages of Seetor, Kayeken and Wakpeken and their ""suburbs"" are on the northwest side of the Na river while Topor is on the opposite bank across from Wakpekan. Despite the town's large size, most structures are traditional mud and stick homes and(as of mid-1980) few have running water or electricity. Kplio (a dialect of Grebo) is the primary language of all Barclayvillians but English is the official language of instruction.The regional high school is in Barclayville along with several public and private (Christian) schools for grades K-8.  Many religious denominations have churches and/or missions in Barclayville including Catholic, Methodist, Baptist, and a variety of other evangelical congregations, though most of the population also follows local animist practices. Prior to the Liberian Civil War much of the male adult population were on government payroll employed as teachers, employees of the courts, or serving as  government officials or their staff. Nevertheless, upland rice farming is the primary occupation.  Each village lays claim to large areas of land that extend several miles inland from the town upon which they do slash and burn farming, rotating to a new section of land every year. Because of the distance from the farms to the villages it is common for the women and younger children to live on the farms during the growing season where they establish vegetable gardens and plant cassava. Farming within Barclayville is limited by the presence of freely roaming livestock and fowl including cows, sheep, goats and chickens.In June 2005 the UN Integrated Regional Information Regional Network reported that the roads leading to Barclayville had decayed and become overgrown by dense bush rendering them impassable."
"Fish Town is the capital city of River Gee County, Liberia.  As of the 2008 national census, the population stood at 3,328.Created in 2000, River Gee County is one of the five southeastern counties.  Its population is largely Grebo.  The interior was mapped in 1933, during the administration of President Edwin J. Barclay, and divided into three provinces: Eastern, Central, and Western. Until 2000, River Gee and Grand Gedeh Counties were separate districts; River Gee came out of Webbo District that was administered by Maryland County and Grand Gedeh came out of Tchien District administered by Sinoe County.  Both composed the Eastern Province, which in 1964 became Grand Gedeh."
"Isanlu Isin or Isanlusin is an ancient town in Igbomina-Yoruba land of Kwara State. It is one of the prominent towns in the Isin Local Government Area of the State. Isin Local Government Area of Kwara State was created from the old Irepodun Local Government Area in 1996 with the headquarters at Owu-Isin. At the earliest time of Isin settlement, there were about 36 villages, but due to a series of external attack from the Nupes, Fulani and Ibadan, most of these villages have either been decimated or have fused with stronger and well fourtified ones. Today, notable towns in Isin are Isanlu Isin, Ijara Isin, Owu Isin, Iwo, Oke-Aba, Oke-Onigbin, Alla, Edidi, Odo-Eku, Oba, Iji, Pamo, Oponda, Igbesi, Eleyin, Kudu-Owode, to mention but few. Collectively, these towns are today located in Isin Local Government area of kwara State. The present ruler of Isanlu Isin also referred to as Olusin, is Oba Solomon Oluwagbemiga Oloyede."
"Issele-Uku is a city in Nigeria's Delta State and headquarters for the Local Government Area of Aniocha North,  It is also the Episcopal See of the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Issele-Uku. It has its own post office and is served by the nearby new Asaba International Airport. [1]"
"Kédougou is a town in southeastern Senegal at 12.56 degrees N. latitude and 12.21 degrees W, longitude and at an elevation of 547 feet (167 meters) above sea level. Founded in the early 20th century by the Malinké people, Kédougou means the ""Land of Man"".  The town lies on the N7 road and the River Gambia amid the Pays Bassari hills and Fouta Djallon foothills.  It is near the borders of both Mali and Guinea.  Local attractions include the Dindefelo Falls and Niokolo-Koba National Park.  The main sources of income in the town are agriculture, small-scale commerce, construction, and gold mining.  There is a military camp, a hospital, a community radio station and library, a Peace Corps Office and a number of small businesses. The most commonly spoken languages are Pulaar, Bassari, Bedik, Diaxanké, Malinké and French.The mayor of Kédougou is Amath Dansokho (as of 2005)."
"Omupo or Omu-ipo is an ancient town in Igbomina-Yoruba land of Kwara State. It is one of the prominent towns in Ifelodun Local Government Area of the State. It is situated in the northeastern part of Yoruba land in northcentral Nigeria. It is the headquarters of 34 communities of Omupo District, the headquarters of Omupo/Idofian Area Council of Ifelodun Local Government and also an Electoral Constituency (i.e. Omupo Constituency) since 1979 for the purpose of election into the Kwara State House of Assembly."
"Sédhiou is a town of Senegal, in Casamance area, nearby the Casamance river."
"Alanzu is a small town in Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma. It is located to the due east of Okpho.National Highway 2 passes to the west of the town."
"Alor Setar, (Jawi: الور ستار; formerly Alor Star from 2004-2008) is the state capital of Kedah , Malaysia ; which is the second largest city in the state after Sungai Petani, Kedah (taking over the position in 2010) ; important cities in the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia . The city is home to the Central State Administration Centre and Administrative Centre Kota Setar District in the City of Muadzam Shah and Kedah the royal town of Bandar Anak Bukit.Alor Setar is located 93 kilometres north of Penang and 45 km from Malaysia's border with Thailand. Its location along the main travel route from Malaysia to Thailand has long made it a major transportation hub in the northern Malay Peninsula. At present, the city covers a land area of 666 km2, which is occupied by more than 300,000 thousand inhabitants (as per the 2010 census). At the local government level, Alor Setar is administered by the Alor Setar City Council.The city is served by the Sultan Abdul Halim Airport, which began operations in 2006. The airport is currently not serviced by any commercial international flights; however, during the Haj season, there are special flights available for Muslim pilgrims journeying to Saudi Arabia to perform the Haj. In terms of land routes, the city is connected to other parts of Peninsular Malaysia by the North-South Expressway, the Shahab Perdana Bus Station and the Alor Setar railway station. The city also boasts the Kuala Kedah Jetty, which is served by ferries linking the city with the popular resort island of Langkawi.Alor Setar the birthplace of two Prime Ministers, YTM Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia's first Prime Minister, and Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad, Malaysia's fourth Prime Minister."
"Ambovombe-Androy [ambuˈvumbe ˈaɳɖʐuj], or just Ambovombe, is a town in Madagascar.Ambovombe-Androy is the capital of the Androy region. Now Ambovombe is Official city.The town is situated near the south coast at 21°30′13″S 45°12′34″E.The town is connected by the Route nationale 13 with Taolagnaro (110 km) to the east. The RN 13 also leads north to Ihosy (383 km), and the Route nationale 10 north-east to Toliara, but these roads are in bad condition."
"Antsohihy is a city (commune urbaine) in northern Madagascar in Sofia Region.Antsohihy is the capital of Sofia Region and of Antsohihy District. It is situated at the Route nationale 6."
"Banlung (Khmer: បានលុង) is the capital of Ratanakiri Province in northeastern Cambodia. Banlung is  636 km from the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh. Ratanakiri province borders Vietnam and Laos.  Banlung is also the capital of the Banlung District. The city has a population of around 17,000 and the surrounding district has a population of 23 888. The town became the capital of Ratanakiri province in 1979, following the fall of the Khmer Rouge. The capital was moved from Voen Sai to Banlung in order to facilitate trade with Vietnam  (previous to Voen Sai the capital was Lumphat). Prior to 1979 the town was known as Labansiek. It is a relatively lively commercial center; ethnic minorities from surrounding villages often come to the city market to sell their goods.Banlung district contains 16 villages located in three communes."
"Bantul is a town and the capital of Bantul Regency, Yogyakarta Province, Java, Indonesia.  It is a bustling town about 10 km to the south of Yogyakarta, easily reached by regular minibuses from the main Yogyakarta bus station.  Bantul has numerous firms and agencies (service stations and garages, banks, schools, medical clinics, government offices) which supply services to the surrounding area. A main road runs down from Yogyakarta through Bantul to the busy beach area of Parangtritis visited by many tourists from Yogyakarta each weekend."
"Barabai is the capital city of Hulu Sungai Tengah Regency, South Kalimantan, Indonesia."
"Bau-Bau or Bau-bau (Indonesian: Kota Bau-bau) is the main city on Buton island, Indonesia. Bau-Bau reached the city status on 21 June 2001, based on the Indonesian law number 13, year 2001. A port called Murhum serves the city sea transportation with a ferry terminal (jetty) operated by the Indonesian state-owned sealiner, Pelni."
"Biak is a small island located in Cenderawasih Bay near the northern coast of Papua, an Indonesian province, and is just northwest of New Guinea. Biak is the largest island in its small archipelago, and has many atolls, reefs, and corals.The largest population centre is at Kota Biak (Biak City) on the south coast. The rest of the island is thinly populated with small villages.Biak is part of the Biak Islands (Kepulauan Biak)."
"Blang Kejeren is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Gayo Lues Regency."
"Blangpidie or Blang Pidie is a town in the Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the capital of Southwest Aceh Regency. Blangpidie is located on the west coast of Sumatra island and the main Banda Aceh — Medan road passes through the town."
"Brebes Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the northwestern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. It covers an area of 1,902.37 sq.km, and at the 2010 Census it had a population of 1,733,869: the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 1,755,136. Its capital is the town of Brebes in the northeast corner of the regency."
"Buthidaung (Burmese: ဘူးသီးတောင်မြို့; MLCTS: bu:si:taung mrui., pronounced: [búðídàʊɴ mjo̰]) is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar. It is the administrative seat of Buthidaung Township. It lies on the west bank of Mayu river. Flood hit in July 2011. Buthidaung is 16 miles away from Maungdaw which is situated on Naf river border of Bangladesh"
"Cái Nước is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Cái Nước District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam."
"Chũ is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Lục Ngạn District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"Chợ Rã is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Ba Bể District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam."
"Chimoio is the capital of Manica Province in Mozambique. It is the fifth-largest city in Mozambique.Chimoio's name under Portuguese administration was Vila Pery. Vila Pery developed under Portuguese rule as an important agricultural and textiles centre. The town lies on the railway line from Beira to Harare, near the Cabeça do Velho rock. Located about 95 km from the Zimbabwean border, since the Zimbabwean political and social crisis of the 2000s, it has been a major destination for Zimbabwean immigrants who are looking for work in Mozambique, and today is sometimes described as feeling more Zimbabwean than Mozambican."
"Ciamis (English: Sweet Water, but see also Ciamik) is the capital of the Ciamis Regency in West Java, Indonesia."
"Danubyu (Burmese: ဓနုဖြူမြို့ [dənṵbjù mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Danubyu Township in the Maubin District."
"Dedaye (Burmese: ဒေးဒရဲမြို့ [dédəjɛ́ mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Dedaye Township in the Pyapon District."
"Einme (Burmese: အိမ္မဲမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Einme Township in the Myaungmya District."
"Fakfak ([ˈfaʔfaʔ]) is a town in Indonesia and seat of the Fakfak Regency. It had a population of 12,566 at the 2010 Census. It is served by Fakfak Airport. It is the only town in West Papua with a Muslim Indian and Arab Indonesian presence."
"Giá Rai is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Giá Rai District, Bạc Liêu Province, in south-western Vietnam."
"Gresik Regency (older spelling Grissee) is a regency within East Java Province of Indonesia. It includes the offshore Bawean Island, some 125 km to the north of Java and Madura. The regency's administrative centre is the town of Gresik, about 25 km to the northwest of Surabaya; Gresik is also the capital of the sub-region of Gerbangkartasusilo, the metropolitan region of the city of Surabaya."
"Hpa-An (Burmese: ဘားအံမြို့; MLCTS: bha: am mrui. [pʰə ʔàɴ mjo̰]; also called Pa-An) is the capital of Karen State, Myanmar.Population estimates vary widely as no census has been taken in Myanmar since 1983, and the 2014 census has not yet released the populations of cities. The population is said to be around 50,000, but a 2013 population scan by World Gazetteer calculated a population as high as 126 225."
"Hpasawng  (Burmese: ဖားဆောင်းမြို့) is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma."
"Ingapu (Burmese: အင်္ဂပူမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Ingapu Township in the Hinthada District.The ancient ruin found near Ingapu was excavated to know it was a 2,000 year old eminent of pyu kingdom or not in 2014."
"Injangyang (Burmese: အင်ဂျန်းယန်မြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar."
"Inwa or Ava (Burmese: အင်းဝမြို့; MLCTS: ang:wa.mrui., IPA: [ʔɪ́ɴwa̰ mjo̰] or [ʔəwa̰ mjo̰]; also spelled Innwa), located in Mandalay Region, Burma (Myanmar), is an ancient imperial capital of successive Burmese kingdoms from the 14th to 19th centuries. Throughout history, it was sacked and rebuilt numerous times. The capital city was finally abandoned after it was completely destroyed by a series of major earthquakes in March 1839. Though only a few traces of its former grandeur remain today, the former capital is a popular day-trip tourist destination from Mandalay."
"Jantho is a small city in Aceh province of Indonesia. Jantho is the seat of local government for the Aceh Besar Regency.Jantho became famous by a report, where a woman was public whipped according to sharia law [1][2]."
"Kalabahi is a town on Alor Island and it is the capital of Alor Regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia."
"Kalaymyo (Kalemyo), also known as Karlaymyo, is a town in the Sagaing Division of Burma. It is located upstream from Mandalay and Monywa on the Myittha River, a tributary of the Chindwin River. The town is the district headquarters of the Kalay District. It has gained importance with trans border movement enabled between Burma and India following the 165 kilometres (103 mi) Tamu–Kalayamyo road built by the Border Roads Organization of India."
"Kanbalu (also spelt Kantbalu) is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division, in Burma (Myanmar).  It is the administrative seat for Kanbalu Township.  Kanbalu is on the main Burmese north-south railroad between Sagaing and Myitkyina."
"Kandangan is the name of the capital of Hulu Sungai Selatan Regency in South Kalimantan Province of Indonesia.It is famous among the Banjarese people as the place which produce tasty foods such as Ketupat Kandangan, Lemang Kandangan and Dodol Kandangan."
"Kawlin is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar."
"Kawnglanghpu (Burmese: ခေါင်လန်ဖူးမြို့နယ်) is a town in the Kachin State of north-east Burma. It is the principal town in the Kawnglanghpu Township in Putao District."
"Kisaran is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Asahan Regency."
"Kratié is the capital of Kratié Province in eastern Cambodia.The small town has a population of about 38,215 and lies on the banks of the Mekong River. The city is dominated by a central marketplace surrounded by old, French colonial buildings. Along the river red-flower trees grows in rows along the riverbank. The picturesque town contains big islands with white sand beaches out front that bends in the river.  The stretch of river north of the city is home to a group of rare Irrawaddy dolphins. The dolphins are the town's main tourist attraction.A survey conducted in 2007 by Cambodian Mekong Dolphin Conservation Project (CMDCP), a collaborative project between WWF, World Conservation Society, Fisheries Administration and Cambodian Rural Development Team (CRDT), estimated that there are between 66 and 86 dolphins left in the upper Cambodian Mekong area."
"Kunlong is the principal town of Kunlong Township in Shan State. its coordination is 23 25' 00"" N and 98 39' 00"" E.It is the home of KunLong Bridge over the Salween River. There was a 42 days-long battle between Burma Communist Party (BCP) and Myanmar Army from November 1971 to January 1972 to control that strategic bridge.Kunlong is the name of a district and ferry on the Salween, in the northern Kachin State of Burma. It is served by dugouts, three in number in 1899, and capable of carrying about fifteen men on a trip. Formerly trade was very considerable, and the Burmese had a customs on the island from which the place takes its name; but the rebellion in the great state of Theinni, and the southward movement of the Kachins, as well as the Muslim rebellion in Yunnan, diverted the caravans to the northern route to Bhamo, which is still chiefly followed. The Wa people inhabit the hills immediately overlooking the Nam Ting valley."
"Kutacane is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Southeast Aceh Regency. Kutacane is known as the main gate to the Gunung Leuser National Park.Susi Air & NBA flies to Kutacane Airport from Medan."
"Kyaukkyiis a town in Kyaukkyi Township, Taungoo District, Bago Region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Kyaukkyi Township."
"Kyaukpyu (Burmese: ကျောက်ဖြူမြို့ [tɕaʊʔpʰjú mjo̰]; also spelled Kyaukphyu) is a major town in Rakhine State, in western Myanmar. It is located on the north western corner of Yanbye Island on Combermere Bay, and is 250 miles (400 km) northwest of Yangon. The town is situated on a superb natural harbor which connects the rice trade between Calcutta and Yangon. The estimated population in 1983 was 19,456 inhabitants."
"Lục Nam is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Lục Nam District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"Labuha is a small port town on the eastern Indonesian island of Pulau Bacan. It is the capital of the South Halmahera Regency, part of the province of North Maluku. The town is served by Labuha Airport."
"Limboto is a town in Indonesia and the regency seat of The Regency of Gorontalo"
"Long Hải is a township (Thị trấn) and town in Long Điền District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam."
"Lubuk Pakam is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Deli Serdang Regency."
"Lubuk Sikaping is a town or Sub-district in Pasaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Pasaman Regency."
"Lumajang is a Regency located in East Java province, Indonesia. It shares its borders with Jember Regency (to the east), Probolinggo Regency (to the north), and Malang Regency (to the west). It borders the Indian Ocean to the south."
"Magway (Burmese: မကွေးမြို့, pronounced: [məɡwé mjo̰]) is the capital city of Magway Region (formerly Magway Division) of Burma (Myanmar), and home to Magway Airport.Magway is situated on the banks of the Irrawaddy River. The Mya Tha Lun Pagoda, located at the north of the city, is the landmark of Magway. Magway Division is famous for the cultivation of sesame and many kinds of nuts."
"Maintirano is a coastal city and commune (commune urbaine, Malagasy: kaominina) in western Madagascar approximately 325 kilometres west of the capital Antananarivo. It belongs to the district of Maintirano, which is a part of Melaky Region – Maintirano is capital of Melaky region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 16,000 in 2001 commune census. The city is inhabited mainly by people of the Sakalava tribe.Maintirano is served by a local airport and maritime harbour. In addition to primary schooling the town offers secondary education at both junior and senior levels. The town has a permanent court and hospital. The climate is fairly hot and access to the region is difficult due to lack of roads and few commercial flights. Main local products include shrimp and beef.The majority 55% of the population works in fishing. 34% are farmers.  The most important crop is bananas, while other important products are maize, sweet potatoes and rice.  Industry and services provide employment for 0.8% and 10.2% of the population, respectively."
"Manggar is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia. Mangar is the capital of the East Belitung Regency."
"Maros is a town in the South Sulawesi province of Indonesia close to the provincial capital of Makassar.  It is the capital of the Maros Regency.  Maros town is the location of the Indonesian Cereals Research Institute, a branch of the Indonesian Agency for Agricultural Research and Development.In 2012, regional cement producer PT Semen Bosowa Maros began construction in Maros of a new clinker plant estimated to involved the expenditure of over $300 million.  The clinker plant was expected to help the cement company increase production in the region in response to the growing demand for cement to support construction activities."
"Masamba  is a small river town and kecamatan in the Luwu Regency of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. The town lies on the Patikala River. It is served by Masamba Airport.Much of the land in the region is swampy coastal plains with mangroves found in its shallow waters. North of the town is Lake Poso.A population of Bugis who are known to be Muslims come from Masamba. A number of these Islamic Bugis moved out of the village into Rompo in the 1940s and into the lowlands of the region into Tabalu and Saatu in the 1950s and 1960s.Rattan trading and making is said to be important to the local economy. Coconuts are also grown near the coast in this region of Sulawesi."
"for other uses see Mawlaik (disambiguation)Mawlaik (Burmese: မော်လိုက် [mɔ̀ laɪʔ]) is a town in Mawlaik District, Sagaing Region in northwest Burma (Myanmar), along the Chindwin River."
"Mawlamyine (also spelled Mawlamyaing; Burmese: မော်လမြိုင်မြို့; MLCTS: mau la. mruing mrui.; pronounced: [mɔ̀ləmjàiɴ mjo̰]; Mon: မတ်မလီု pronounced [mòt məlɜ̀m]; formerly Moulmein) is the fourth largest city of Burma (Myanmar), situated 300 km south east of Yangon and 70 km south of Thaton, at the mouth of Thanlwin (Salween) river. The city of 325,927 is the capital and largest city of Mon State, Myanmar and is the main trading center and seaport in southeastern Burma."
"Minbya  (Burmese: မင်းပြားမြို့, pronounced: [mɪ́ɴbjá mjo̰]) is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar."
"Mojokerto is a city in East Java Province, Indonesia. It is located 40 km southwest of Surabaya, and constitutes one of the component units of the Surabaya metropolitan area (known as Gerbangkertosusila) which comprises Gresik Regency, Bangkalan Regency, Mojokerto Regency, Mojokerto City, Surabaya City, Sidoarjo Regency, and Lamongan Regency."
"Mong Hsat is a town in the Shan State of Myanmar, served by Monghsat Airport. (Mong is equivalent to Thai Mueang.) Cultivation of the opium poppy is said to be on the rise in the area after the United Wa State Army decided to stop it in their territory of northern Shan state."
"Mong Hsu is the principal town of Mong Hsu Township of Shan State. In early 1990s, there is a major discovery rubies near Mong Hsu. Within a few years, Mong Hsu rubies constituted over 95% of faceted rubies entering world market."
"Möng Nai or Mongnai  is a town in Mong Nai Township in the Shan State of Burma. Mong is equivalent to Mueang."
"Mong Ton, also known historically as Möngtung and Maington, is a town and seat of Mong Tong Township in Mong Hsat District, Shan State in eastern Myanmar near the border with Thailand. Mong is equivalent to Mueang. It is served by Mong Ton Airport. It is located in the Daen Lao Range, in the southern part of the Shan State, east of the Salween River. Mong Ton lies on the National Highway 45 and is also connected to Mong Hsat by National Highway 49 which begins to the northeast of the town."
"Mrauk U (Burmese: မြောက်‌ဦးမြို့; MLCTS: mrauk u: mrui., Burmese pronunciation: [mjaʊʔ ú mjo̰]) is an archaeologically important town in northern Rakhine State, Myanmar. It is also the capital of Mrauk-U Township, a sub region of the Sittwe District. It was the capital of Mrauk U Kingdom, the most important and powerful Rakhine (Arakanese) kingdom, from 1430 to 1785."
"Muntok or, more commonly, Mentok is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia.  Mentok is the capital of the West Bangka Regency (Bangka Barat).  Mentok is the site of the biggest tin smelter on the world.Mentok refers to the tip of the island."
"Myebon  (Burmese: မြေပုံမြို့) is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar."
"Myede also known as Aunglan (formerly known as Allanmyo) is a city in Thayet District of the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar).  It is a port on the left (eastern) bank of the Irrawaddy, across and just north of Thayetmyo, between the cities of Pyay (Prome) ,  Taungdwingyi(Prome)  and Magway.  It is the administrative seat for Aunglan Township. As of 2010, the population was estimated at over 72,000."
"Namhkam (Shan: ၼမ်ႉၶမ်း), also spelt Namkham, is the principal town of Nanhkan Township in northern Shan State, Burma, situated on the southern bank of Shweli River near the border with Yunnan Province, China."
"Ngãi Giao is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Châu Đức District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam."
"Nghĩa Lộ is a town in Yên Bái Province, in the Northeast region of Vietnam.In 1951, the Viet Minh 312 Division fought French forces in the area as part of the First Indochina War.As of 2003 the district had a population of 25,256. The district covers an area of 29 km²."
"Nyaung-U (Burmese: ညောင်ဦးမြို့) is the administrative town of Nyaung-U Township of Nyaung-U District in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar.  It lies on the eastern bank of Ayeyarwaddy River. It is just 4 kilometers away from old Bagan, a popular tourist attraction. The Shwezigon Pagoda is located there. The other popular places in and around Nyaung-U were  Htilominlo Pagoda Gubyaukgyi Pagoda Ahlodawpyae Pagoda and Hgnet Pyit Taung HillIt is the home of Nyaung U Airport. It can be reached by air, by railway, by bus and by boat.The 8.10 inches (203 mm) rainfall of 19 Oct 2011 was the record breaking one for past 47 years. The previous record was 5.67 inches (144 mm) of 9 Oct 1989."
"Pantanaw (Burmese: ပန်းတနော်မြို့ [páɴtənɔ̀ mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Pantanaw Township in the Maubin District. It is the hometown of former United Nations Secretary-General U Thant and of the renowned artist U Ba Nyan."
"Panyabungan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Mandailing Natal Regency."
"Paungbyin, also known as Pyaungbin or Phaungbyin, is a town in Mawlaik District, Sagaing Division, of Burma (Myanmar), on the Chindwin River. It is the principal town of Paungbyin Township."
"Penajam is a town in and the administrative capital of North Penajam Paser Regency, in East Kalimantan Province, Indonesia."
"Phước Bửu  is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Xuyên Mộc District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam.It is located along National Route 55.A nature reserve is located in the area."
"Phủ Thông is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Bạch Thông District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam."
"Tbeng Meanchey is the capital of Preah Vihear Province in northern Cambodia. Phnom Tbeng Meanchey is the mountain rising to 600m 5 km south-west of Tbeng Meanchey town."
"Purworejo is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the southern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Purworejo."
"Pyapon (Burmese: ဖျာပုံမြို့;  Mon: ဖျာ ပုၚ်, [phya pɜŋ]) is a town and seat of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar, along the Pyapon River, a tributary of the Ayeyarwady River. It is located about 15 km inland from the Andaman Sea, about 75 miles south of the capital, Yangon. It has a population of approximately 300,000 in 2006. It serves as a center for collecting rice from the surrounding agricultural areas, and is home to a diesel-run power plant, using equipment by the German firm Siemens."
"Not to be confused with district Rangkasbitung (Kecamatan Rangkasbitung)Rangkasbitung (colloquially called Rangkas) is the capital town of Lebak Regency, Banten Province of Java, Indonesia.  It registered a population of 126,900 in 2005.The town lays on the road connecting Jakarta, Serpong and Pandeglang. It is also connected with western railway line of Java, connecting Jakarta with Serang until Merak.Eduard Douwes Dekker or Multatuli, the author of Max Havelaar, once lived and worked in the town. His experience and observation during his time here triggered him to write the famous romance.Eugenia van Beers, the mother of American rock musicians Eddie van Halen and Alex van Halen was born in this town."
"Rembang Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the northeastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. It covers an area of 887.13 sq.km, and had a population of 591,359 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 598,612.  Its capital is Rembang.Rembang Regency is situated on the northeast coast of Central Java Province. The Regency is crossed by the North Coast inter-province main road. Rembang Regency is a lowland, with a maximum elevation of about 70m above sea level.Rembang Regency is bordered by :North : Java SeaEast : Tuban Regency (East Java Province)South : Blora RegencyWest : Pati Regency"
"Ruteng is a small town towards the western end of Flores Island, Indonesia. It is the capital of Manggarai regency, serviced by Ruteng Airport. The population is predominantly Roman Catholic, but still preserve the ancient Manggarai custom of caci (whip fighting), which is usually practiced at weddings, and serves as a tourist attraction.The Liang Bua archeological site is nearby, around 10 km to the north of Ruteng."
"Sampit is a town and a timber port on the Sampit River in the Central Kalimantan province in Indonesia. It is the seat of East Kotawaringin Regency. Sampit is the biggest timber port in all of Indonesia.Sampit is also known as Sampit, Tanah Hevea. According to reported data as of August 2009, the estimated population of Sampit is 66,053. The average elevation of the town is 25 metres (82 ft)."
"Sarilamak is a town or Sub-district in Limapuluh Koto Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Limapuluh Koto Regency."
"Senmonorom (also romanised as Sen Monorom) is the capital of Mondulkiri Province, Cambodia.Senmonorom is the only major town in the province of Mondulkiri. With over 7000 inhabitants, 20 guesthouses, 12 restaurants, 2 bars and one post office, it is often compared to frontier towns in the old American west.Senmonorom (and the Mondulkiri province in general) is inhabited by the indigenous Pnong people. Pnong tribesmen and tribeswomen are often seen walking along major highways. The town is popular with NGO workers, loggers, and tourists both from outside Cambodia and from Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh.According to reports from Global Witness, the Mondulkiri province is facing a significant threat from illegal loggers attempting to exploit the area's virgin forests.Due to rapid development, as well as mania caused by real estate speculation, land prices in Sen Monorom have boomed. Lots that cost $150 in 2008 went for three or four times as much two years later in 2010.Doh Kromum Mountain (translated as ""Virtuous Woman's Breast Mountain"") is a breast shaped hill located close to Senmonorom. Members of the Pnong ethnic group ascribe divine powers to the hill and every year hold festivals in the location."
"Shadaw  (Burmese: ရှားတောမြို့) is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma."
"Sibuhuan is a district which is also the capital of Padang Lawas Regency, North Sumatra, Indonesia. Sibuhuan is the administrative center of Padang Lawas Regency which is a formerly part of South Tapanuli Regency.and have site: http://sibuhuan.com/ and http://itsibuhuan.blogspot.com/"
"Sinabang (Indonesian Sinabung) is a town on the east coast of Simeulue Island, which lies off the western coast of Sumatra in Indonesia. Sinabang is the administrative seat (capital) of the Simeulue Regency, in Aceh Province of Indonesia and has a population of approximately 20,000."
"Sipirok is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of South Tapanuli Regency."
"Sleman is seat capital of Sleman Regency, Indonesia. It is on the road between Yogyakarta and Magelang. It is in the regency that is home to Mount Merapi, which started its most recent eruption in late October and early November 2010, killing hundreds, including Maridjan, the spiritual keeper of the legendary spirits of the famous volcano, Indonesia's most active.It was also a stopping place on the railway that followed the same route."
"Soasiu is a small coastal town on the eastern Indonesian island of Halmahera. It is located in the North Halmahera Regency, part of the province of North Maluku, and lies on the northwestern coast. A market is held in Soasiu every Tuesday and Friday. The Sonyine Malige Sultan's Museum is located in the outskirts of the town."
"Sofifi is a settlement on the west coast of the Indonesian island of Halmahera, and since 2010 has been the capital of the province of North Maluku. Previously, Ternate City had been the capital."
"Sumbawa Besar is a town with 56,337 inhabitants at the 2010 Census on the Indonesian island of Sumbawa. It is the administrative capital of the Sumbawa Regency within the province of West Nusa Tenggara."
"Sumprabum (Burmese: ဆွမ်ပရာဘွမ်မြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Burma (Myanmar)."
"Sungai Penuh is a city in Indonesia, in Jambi province, on the island of Sumatra. It is an enclave within Kerinci Regency, of which it was formerly part but from which it is now administratively separate. In 2014 it had a population of 90,814. (Indonesian) http://www.bps.go.id/aboutus.php?hasilSP2010=1"
"Sungailiat is a subdistrict of Bangka Regency, Bangka-Belitung province of Indonesia. It is also the capital of the regency."
"Suwawa is a town in Indonesia and the administrative centre of Bone Bolango Regency."
"Tịnh Biên is an urban municipality (trấn thuộc huyện) and capital town of the Tịnh Biên District of An Giang Province, Vietnam.Tịnh Biên was depicted in Robin Moore's fiction book The Green Berets; chapter 1 described a real-life battle during the Vietnam War in which all of the members of a United States Army Special Forces detachment were injured during the fighting."
"Dabayin (Burmese: ဒီပဲယင္း; also spelled Debayin, Depayin, or Tabayin, or Ngapayin) is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar."
"Tada-U or Tadau is a town in central Burma about 10km from the provincial capital of Mandalay."
"Takengon is a town in Aceh, a province of Indonesia and is the seat (capital) of the Central Aceh Regency. The town is in the highlands of western Sumatra and situated on the shores of Lake Lut Tawar. The region around Takengon is well known for its coffee. The indigenous people in Takengon are the Gayonese people or as they're usually called, ""urang Gayo"". The most of popular dance in this region is Didong. Formerly Didong used as tools by Islamic preacher to spreading Islamic teaching. In recent time, Didong usually is exhibited in important and special events, such as wedding party or welcoming ceremony in formal agenda.    Takengon to MedanYou can take numerous bus services from Payailang Bus Terminal. There is also a night bus that leaves at 20.00 to Medan run by Sampati Star bus service. Their ticket office is located at Payailang."
"See Tanjung Balai (disambiguation) for its many meaningsTanjung Balai, often abbreviated Tg. Balai, is the main town in the Great Karimun island, part of the Karimun Regency, Riau Islands Province of Indonesia.  It is often called Tanjung Balai Karimun to distinguish it from another Tanjung Balai in the Asahan Regency."
"Tanjung Pandan is the largest town on the island Belitung in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia. Tanjung Pandan is the capital of the Belitung Regency comprising one of the five districts (kecamatan)."
"Tanjung Redeb is a district in Berau Regency, East Kalimantan Province, Indonesia."
"Tarutung is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of North Tapanuli Regency.Tarutung in Batak language means durian, because there was a lot of durian trees there."
"Taungup or Toungup or Toungok (Burmese: တောင်ကုတ်မြို့) is a principal town of the Taungup Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar. It got 29.1 inches of rainfall in 21 July 2011. It was the recording breaking and there was severe flood."
"Thới Bình is a township (thị trấn) and capital town of Thới Bình District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam."
"Tharrawaddy (Burmese: သာယာဝတီ) is a town and district of the Bago Division of lower Myanmar."
"Theinni or Hsenwi (Shan: သဵၼ်ႈဝီ; Burmese: သိန္နီ, pronounced: [θèiɴnì]; Thai: แสนหวี, RTGS: Saen Wi, pronounced [sɛ̌ːn wǐː]) is a town in northern Shan State of Burma, situated near the north bank of the Nam Tu River and now the centre of Hsenwi Township in Lashio District. It is 28 miles north of Lashio. It is 2,100 feet above sea level.After the disruption of the ancient Shan empire at Tali by Kublai Khan, Theinni seems to have been the centre of the independent Shan kingdom, with various capitals in the Shweli River and Nam Tu River valleys.  This kingdom of Kawsampi was ended by the Burmese about 1738, and the country was divided into various states, with appointment orders from Ava. Numerous rebellions and civil wars reduced Theinni from its position as the most powerful and populous Shan state to a condition of fearful desolation.  It later regained much population since the British occupation in 1888, but is still far from its old prosperity. The ruins of what was the old capital of Hsenwi State lie at a short distance, and show it to have been a large and well-built town."
"Tobelo is a town and also a district on the eastern Indonesian island of Halmahera. It is the capital of the regency (kabupaten) of North Halmahera, part of the province of North Maluku. The city was formalised as the capital of North Halmahera in the district elections held in 2004. It is considered as the best town in the regency in view of its coconut palm studded surroundings ""fronted by jigsaw of islands"". It has a population of approximately 15,000. A palm tree lined coastal road connects Tobelo to Galela. The town is predominantly Christian and a Protestant Church has existed in Tobelo since at least 1924."
"Waikabubak is a town in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia and it is the capital of West Sumba Regency. Waikabubak is the second largest town on Sumba island after Waingapu."
"Wakema (Burmese: ဝါးခယ်မမြို့ [wákʰɛ̀ma̰ mjo̰]) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Wakema Township in the Myaungmya District. It is home to the Government Technological Institute, Wakema (formerly the Government Technical Institute, Wakema). Wakema is also the hometown of Sayadaw U Pannya Vamsa, a notable Buddhist missionary."
"Watampone is a city in South Sulawesi and the capital of Bone Regency. Known colloquially as Bone, it has a population of 81,629. It is also the birthplace of the 10th Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia Jusuf Kalla."
"Weda is a coastal fishing village in North Maluku, Indonesia, located on the east coast of Halmahera, the largest of all the islands group. It is the capital of the Central Halmahera Regency. The Sawai language is spoken in Weda. It is also a common Persian name.Weda have a eco resort yang is focus on maintaining the fragile ecology of the area. There are also diving packages and snorkeling excursions are also available.Also located there, Weda Resort that provides excellent birdwatching, in great comfort, from the terrace of the resort. Halmahera is one of the most interesting birding destinations in Indonesia."
"Wonosobo is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Wonosobo, located at 7°11′S 109°43′E, about 120 km from Semarang. The regency is located in Dieng Plateau. Its area is 984.68 km² and population of ca. 700,000."
"Wundwin is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar."
"Okiato or Old Russell is a small holiday spot in the Bay of Islands, New Zealand, seven km south of present-day Russell. It was New Zealand's first national capital, for a short time from 1840 to 1841, before the seat of government was moved to Auckland. The car ferry across the Bay of Islands, the main tourist access to Russell, runs between Okiato and Opua."
"Sragen is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the eastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia. Its capital is Sragen, east of Surakarta located around 30 km northeast of Solo. Sragen is bordered with East Java Province in the east.The famous river, Bengawan Solo flows through the fertile rice fields of this region. The regency is also the location of the infamous sex ritual which is conducted on Mount Kemukus."
"Larantuka is a kecamatan (district) and seat capital of East Flores Regency, on the eastern end of Flores Island, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.  Like much of the region, Larantuka has a strong a colonial Portuguese influence.  This overwhelmingly (83.4%) Roman Catholic area enjoys some international renown for its Holy Week celebrations.Larantuka Malay (also known as Ende Malay), a local dialect over 80% cognate with Indonesian, is used as a lingua franca in this area.  Portuguese is used in certain Catholic religious rituals."
"Rantau Prapat is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Labuhan Batu Regency. Rantau Prapat is also a village in the district of Rantau Utara (North Rantau). It consists of 3 main roads. There was a saying (when Rantau Prapat had only one main road) that if you forget to hit the brakes once you see the town, you will have passed the town. According to several trip agencies, the Suzuya hotel/mall is the best hotel in Rantau Prapat. A number of citizens move to larger cities like Medan in search for more job opportunities and/or universities. In the year 2003 its status of administrative city was erased as it did not fulfill the requirements. A large river named the Bilah River runs through the town."
"Semarapura  is the capital city of the Klungkung Regency in Bali, Indonesia."
"For the Japanese city, see Takeo, Saga.Takéo is the capital of Takéo Province, Cambodia. In 1998 it had a population of 39,186. The town and province is known for its silk weaving and the province is home to about 10,000 of the total of 15,000 Cambodian weavers. Most silk weavers in the villages are near the national highway in the direction of Takeo town. The technique of silk weaving could have come to the Khmer during the Funan Empire, probably in the 2nd century, from India and China."
"Thắng is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Hiệp Hòa District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"An Phú is an urban municipality (trấn thuộc huyện) and capital town of the An Phú District of An Giang Province, Vietnam. It is connected to Phnom Penh in Cambodia via the National Road 21."
"Dolok Sanggul is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Humbang Hasundutan Regency."
"Labuan Bajo is a fishing town located at the western end of Flores in the Nusa Tenggara region of east Indonesia.Once a small fishing village, Labuan Bajo (also spelled Labuhanbajo and Labuanbajo) in Flores is now a busy bustling center of tourism. It is the launching point for trips to Komodo Island and Rinca Island, home to the famous komodo dragons.Nearby Kanawa and Seraya Islands are a great opportunity to do some diving and snorkeling and every evening at Kalong Island thousands of flying fox bats put on an amazing display.Within a few hours of Labuan Bajo can be found several waterfalls, trekking and many diverse beaches. The town is quite small and can easily be traversed on foot (in 10–15 minutes). There are various interesting churches and a mosque. Ojeks (3,000-5,000 Rp) and bemos pass every 5 minutes if you get tired of walking. You can rent a motorcycle for 75,000 Rp. per day. There are now 4 working ATM's in the town and the road is paved. Komodo Airport is located just 2 km from the center of Labuan Bajo and has 4-6 daily flights arriving from Bali. The port has daily ferry departures to Bima and weekly or bi-weekly departures to Denpasar and Sulawesi."
"Suka Makmue is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Nagan Raya Regency."
"Wamena is the capital town of the Jayawijaya Regency of Indonesia. It is the largest town in Indonesian Papua's highlands, in the Baliem Valley and had a population of 31,724 at the 2010 Census.  Wamena is the urban centre of a rural area housing West Papua's highest concentration of population, with over 300,000 people inhabiting the Baliem Valley and surrounding areas.  These people belong to a number of related ethnic groups, the most prominent of which are referred to as Dani, Lani and Yali.Because of its relatively isolated location, the main form of access to the town is air travel. Dimonim Air, Trigana Air, Aviastar Mandiri, Susi Air and Merpati serve the airport.The town is also home to Persiwa Wamena football team, who play in Indonesia's premier league."
"Linzi (Chinese: 臨淄; pinyin: Línzī), originally called Yingqiu (Chinese: 營丘), was the capital of the ancient Chinese state of Qi during the Zhou Dynasty. The ruins of the city lie in modern day Linzi District, Shandong, China. The city was one of the largest and richest in China during the Spring and Autumn Period. With occupying Linzi in 221 BC, King Zheng of Qin completed his conquest of the Chinese rival states and declared himself the first emperor of China shortly afterwards. The ruins of the ancient city were excavated in 1926 by Japanese archaeologists and in 1964 by Chinese archaeologists."
"for other uses see Myaung (disambiguation)Myaung  (Burmese: မြောင် မြို့) is a town in the Sagaing Region in central Myanmar. It is a crowded and peaceful town where is located on the west bank of the Ayeyarwady River. It is a region between the Rivers of Ayeyarwady and Chindwin. There are many ancient and historical pagodas, monasteries, and places in Myaung Township. Myaung Township is officially demarcated with the neighbour boundaries of Chaung-U in the north-west, of Myinmu in the east and north east. In the township of Myaung, Kyauk Nagar Mountain is very famous, where very ancient rocky statues like the rocky dragon-shaped statues are found, and the Buddhist Region rich of many pagodas is situated. Myaung Township is one of the townships which were historically concerned with King Kyansit like Chaung-U Township. There are also many pagodas or Buddhist temples and monasteries of or built by King Kyansittha at the age of Bagan. It is a crowded town since it is located on the west bank of the river. To get there, there is Myaung-Payeinma Road, turning in from the Monywa-Mandalay one.Myaung is located in the western part of Sagaing District, 14 miles away from and in south-west of Myinmu, at the basin area between two rivers of Irrawady meeting with Chindwin and at the right bank of Irrawady. It is a town of Myaung township. It has an area of 179 square miles. The rural road of Chaung-U-Ma Yoe Kone pass through the town.In order to protect the flooding risk, a dam is damned on North Main Lake called Myauk Inn Ma Kyi. Myinchan-Mandalay ships moored at harbour in the town.Population of the town was 6,853 people according to the number of census at 1953. There are administration office, police station, public hospital, basic education high school and other official buildings in the town. According to census at 1956, population of the township was 60,079 people. There were 38 fields of headmen at the township ago. It was a township governed by grooms at the age of kings and under the governance of Shwebo Mayor at that time. Then, it was also under Ellakappa mayor. Myaung township was known Paung Myaung Teik ago and it was founded by Bagan King Narapatisithu."
"Ywathit (Burmese: ရွာသစ်မြို့) is a town in Mohnyin Township in Kachin State of Burma (Myanmar). It is on the road between Hopin and Indawgyi Lake."
"Cái Đôi Vàm is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Phú Tân District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam."
"Myeik (Burmese: မြိတ်မြို့; MLCTS: mrit mrui., pronounced: [mjeɪʔ mjo̰] or [beɪʔ mjo̰]; Mon: ဗိက်, [pòik]; Thai: มะริด, RTGS: Marit, pronounced [ma.rít]; also Mergui) is a city in Tanintharyi Region in Myanmar (Burma), located in the extreme south of the country on the coast of an island on the Andaman Sea. As of 2010 the estimated population was over 209,000.  The area inland from the city is a major smuggling corridor into Thailand."
"Minhla is a town in Thayet District, Magway Region, of central Burma (Myanmar), on the right (west) bank of the Irrawaddy.  It is the administrative seat of Minhla Township."
"Tenggarong is a town in and the capital of Kutai Kartanegara Regency of East Kalimantan Province, Indonesia. The former Kutai Kartanegara Sultanate's capital was likewise located in Tenggarong.Historically, the then capital was called Tepian Pandan. At some point, the Kutai Kartanegara Sultan, Aji Muhammad Muslihuddin, changed the name from Tepian Pandan to Tangga Arung (literally house of king). In application, the people of Kutai would then shorten this name by combining the two words Tangga Arung to Tenggarong."
"Chợ Vàm is an urban municipality (trấn thuộc huyện) and capital town of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province, Vietnam."
"Sendawar is a seat of West Kutai Regency, East Kalimantan, Indonesia."
"Xiadu (Chinese: 下都; pinyin: Xiàdū) was the lower capital of Yan during the Warring States period.  Xiadu may have been the largest city in the world from 400 B.C. to 300 B.C., with a purported peak population over 300,000.The remains of the city are located in Yixian County, Baoding City, Hebei, China. At 30 km², Xiadu is the largest excavated city from the Warring States Period.  Xiadu was surrounded by a moat and rammed earth wall; the base of the city walls measured 40 m at its widest. A portion of the old city wall, measuring up to 6.8 m high, still remains today.  The ruins were first excavated in 1929 by an archaeological expedition from Beijing University.The city was built in the Taihang Mountains, flanked by the Beiyi River to its north and by the Zhongyi River to its south. The difficult topography made it easy to defend from attack. The city was square, with a wall and canal running north-south through its center, dividing the city into eastern and western halves. Large workshops for casting iron, casting bronze, minting coins, making weapons, making pottery and making bone objects were all found in the eastern city. The palace and royal cemeteries were also located in the eastern city. Two cemeteries were discovered; 13 and 10 tombs were found in each. All the tombs were covered by a tumulus. A museum about the objects found was in Beijing."
"Dakkar was an historical town in eastern modern-day Ethiopia."
"Pulau Punjung is a town or Sub-district in Dharmasraya Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Dharmasraya Regency."
"Tel Keppe (also spelled Tel Keipeh) (Classical Syriac: ܬܠ ܟܐܦܐ Tal Kepe, Arabic: تل كيف‎ Tal Kaif), is one of the largest historically Assyrian towns in Assyria, northern Iraq. Its name means ""Hill of Stones"" in Syriac. It is located in the Ninawa Governorate, less than 8 miles north east of Mosul."
"Muaro Sijunjung is a town or Sub-district in Sijunjung Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Sijunjung Regency."
"Miholjanec is a village in Croatia and one of the oldest settlements in the country. In 1923, Miholjanec celebrated its 750th anniversary, with guests dancing on a natural dance floor with natural acoustics, similar to an amphitheatre."
"Wanggeom-seong (Korean: 왕검성) was the capital city of Gojoseon from 194 to 108 BC, North Korean sources claim it was located somewhere around Pyongyang, the capital of modern North Korea whilst other Korean histories report it being more in the location of the Liao River in modern China. It is also known as Wangheom-seong (Hangul: 왕험성; 王險城)."
"Karang Baru is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Aceh Tamiang Regency."
"Ngân Sơn is a township (Thị trấn) and capital town of Ngân Sơn District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam."
"Darbandokeh (Syriac: ܕܪܒܢܕܘܟܐ darbandōḵa) is an Assyrian village located in the sub-district of Harir and in the district of Shaqlawa. It was previously inhabited by both Kurds and Assyrians. The Assyrians of Darbandokeh came right after the Assyrian genocide that took place within the Ottoman Empire. They came from the Shamezdin region, located within Hakkari, Turkey.  As a result of forced migration in the late 20th century, today no Assyrians remain in the village of Darbandokeh.  Many of them are now living in Australia, United States, Sweden and Canada.Darbandokeh is the birthplace of many renowned Assyrians. It is where the current Patriarch of the Holy Apostolic Catholic Assyrian Church of the East, Mar Dinkha IV, was born. It is also the birthplace of the Secretary General of the Assyrian Universal Alliance, Emanuel Kamber."
"Sintgaing (Burmese: စဥ့်ကိုင်မြို့) is a town in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar."
"The temporary capital of Lithuania (Lithuanian: Laikinoji sostinė) was the official designation of the city of Kaunas in Lithuania during the interwar period. It was in contrast to the declared capital in Vilnius (Polish: Wilno), which was under Polish control from 1920 until 1939. Currently, the term temporary capital, despite having lost its meaning, is still frequently used as a nickname for Kaunas, the second largest city in Lithuania."
"Tangyan (also Lan-ts'ang-hsien or Tangyang) is the principal town of Tangyan Township in Shan State, Burma. It lies at an elevation of 946 m"
"Soreang is the capital of the Bandung Regency of West Java, Indonesia."
"Al-Mahawil (also Mahawil, Al Maḩāwīl, Qaḑā’ al Maḩāwīl, and Khān al Mahawīl) is a Sunni Arab city in southern Iraq in the Babil Governorate."
"The archaeological site of Ciudad Vieja is located roughly 10 km south of Suchitoto, in the Cuscatlan Department of central El Salvador.  The site served as the first location of San Salvador, now the Central American nation's capital."
"Đất Đỏ is a township (Thị trấn) and town and capital of Đất Đỏ District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam.It is located along National Route 55."
"Ngapudaw (Burmese: ငပုတော်မြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Burma (Myanmar). It is the seat of the Ngapudaw Township in the Pathein District."
"Mauritsstad (or Mauritius) was the capital of Dutch Brazil, and is now a part of the Brazilian city of Recife.The city was built on the island of Antonio Vaz opposite Recife, and designed by architect Pieter Post. It was named after Governor Johan Maurits van Nassau-Siegen, who had founded the city and the adjoining palace Vrijburgh. Mauritsstad was the cultural center of the New World, with the first botanical garden and the first zoo in America, and a museum with three hundred stuffed monkeys. The city's Jewish population constructed the first synagogue in the Americas."
"Sidikalang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Dairi Regency."
"Thanh Sơn  is a township (Thị trấn) and town in Sơn Động District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam."
"Kanaung is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Myanaung Township in the Hinthada District."
"Arosuka is a town or Sub-district in Solok Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Solok Regency. The Solok Regency is noted for its natural structures which have attracted tourists to the area."
"Allai Sharqi (Arabic: علي الشرقي )is a town in  Maysan province, Iraq ."
"Lemyethna (Burmese: လေးမျက်နှာမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Laymyethna Township in the Hinthada District."
"The Greater Region (French: Grande Région, German: Großregion, Luxembourgish: Groussregioun) is the area of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia and the rest of the French Community of Belgium, and the German-speaking Community of Belgium. It is not identical with the SaarLorLux Euregion, being in the same territory.It is situated between the Rhine, Moselle, Saar and Meuse rivers, has an overall area of 65,401 km². Its population counts 11.2 million inhabitants, representing 2.5% of the total population of the 27-state European Union, and accounting for the same proportion of the EU GDP.The Greater Region, is divided between Romance and Germanic languages and also forms the hub for transport in Europe. It has an urban, rural (Ardennes-Eifel-Rheinhessen) and industrial fabric which is the source of rich and ongoing economic and cultural relations."
"Thandaung (Burmese: သံတောင်မြို့) is a small resort town in the Kayin State of south Myanmar. The majority of its population is Karen. It was developed as a hill station by the British."
"Cibinong is the capital of the Bogor Regency of West Java, Indonesia. Cibinong District had 326,519 inhabitants at the 2010 Census.In Cibinong is now where the Science Center of Indonesian Institute of Sciences (Lembaga Ilmu Pengetahuan Indonesia) is located.Cibinong has a swamp forest, which is already mentioned by van Steenis in 1933. That forest patch is called Rawa (swamp) Siradayah. Fortunately it still stands.Specialities of Cibinong include laksa cibinong and mie ayam due to the strong chinese community. Laksa is a spicy noodle soup from the Peranakan culture. Laksa Cibinong is a kind of thick yellowish coconut milk based soup, produced by a mixture of some spices, and it is served with bean sprout, rice vermicelli (bihun), hard-boiled eggs, cooked shredded chicken, fried shallots and Indonesian lemon-basil leaves. Sometime they are also served with rice cake (lontong). Mie ayam is easily found everywhere, as a cheap food for factory workers and school students. There is basically two styles, one more Indonesian in style (with Indonesian spices, sweet soy sauce, saos sambel), and the other one more Chinese (using for example star anise, sesame oil or soy sauce). Most of the places offers, in addition of mie, kwetiau or bihun.Chinese Peranakan culture can be seen at the Chinese Temple Ho Tek Bio near Cibinong market, during Imlek or Chinese New Year. Near the market, in front of the lake, there is the chinese cimetery (sentiong)."
"Đồng Lê is a township (thị trấn) in Tuyên Hóa District, Quảng Bình Province, Bắc Trung Bộ, Việt Nam. This is the seat of district government. This township is the commercial centre of the surrounding rural area. Most Nguồn speakers in Vietnam live in the secluded Minh Hóa district of Quảng Bình Province, with others in the area around Đồng Lê."
"Korea has had a number of capitals. Korea is a peninsula in East Asia, currently the peninsula is divided into two countries: North Korea, capital Pyongyang, and South Korea, capital Seoul."
"Thayetchaung  (Burmese: သရက်ချောင်းမြို့) is a town in the Taninthayi Division, southernmost part of Myanmar."
"Kyangin (Burmese: ကြံခင်းမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar. It is the seat of the Kyangin Township in the Hinthada District. The name Kyangin came from Kyant Kin. Kyant means crocodile in Mon language, and here Kin means guard for taxation on waterway."
