
Johannes Cornelius Bluming is a Dutch instructor of Judo, Kyokushin Karate, and mixed martial arts .
The March or Margraviate of Lusatia was a border march of the Holy Roman Empire at its eastern Bober border with Poland and the later duchies of Silesia from the 10th century until the 14th century AD .
The Confederate Powderworks was a gunpowder factory during the American Civil War, the only permanent structures completed by the Confederate States of America .
Wave Music is an independent dance music record label founded in 1995 by François Kevorkian, headquartered in New York City .
Daniels Motor Company was a pioneer brass era American automobile company, founded in 1916 by George E .
Stephen Krashen is professor emeritus at the University of Southern California, who moved from the linguistics department to the faculty of the School of Education in 1994 .
Reata Restaurant is a Texas Cuisine based restaurant group founded by Al Micallef with operating interests in Alpine and Fort Worth, Texas .
The British Leeward Islands was a British colony existing between 1833 and 1960, and consisting of Antigua, Barbuda, the British Virgin Islands, Montserrat, Saint Kitts, Nevis, Anguilla, and Dominica .
Craig Ingram is a former Australian politician, and was the Independent Member of Parliament for Gippsland East in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1999 to 2010 .
Ray McKinnon is a Scottish football player and manager currently in charge of Scottish League One side Brechin City .
Maya Karin Roelcke in the category of Best Actress Award and one of only six actresses to have won the award twice .
The Bank of New England Corporation was a regional banking institution based in Boston, Massachusetts, which was seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1991 as a result of heavy losses in its loan portfolio and was placed into Chapter 7 liquidation .
Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , approximately 80% of whom live centering on administrative center of Dnipropetrovsk, Kryvyi Rih, Dniprodzerzhynsk, Nikopol .
Darbandokeh is an Assyrian village located in the sub-district of Harir and in the district of Shaqlawa .
The Franklin Report is an independently published guidebook that primarily rates home maintenance and renovation providers such as interior decorators, architects, and contractors .
Fair Wear Foundation is an American multi-stakeholder initiative working to improve workplace conditions in the garment and textile industry .
Cimahi is a city located west of Bandung, West Java, Indonesia in the Bandung Metropolitan Area .
Fábrica de Armas Halcón was an Argentinian defense company founded in 1941 and located in Buenos Aires .
Faiyum southwest of Cairo, in the Faiyum Oasis, it is the capital of the modern Faiyum Governorate .
Barbara Coombs Lee, PA, FNP, JD, that it is not against the state’s public policy for a physician to provide aid in dying to a mentally competent, terminally ill adult .
Anna-Marie Wayne is an American-British actress who began her career on TV and stage at an early age and has subsequently worked in film also .
Community Newspaper Company, or CNC, was the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in eastern Massachusetts in the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century .
Banco Hipotecario is an important commercial bank in Argentina and the nation's premier mortgage lender .
E-Comm 9-1-1 is a multi-municipality agency that provides emergency communications operations for the region of southwest British Columbia .
Andis Shala is a German footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent, playing as a striker for Berliner FC Dynamo .
Stéphane Ducret is a Swiss contemporary artist born in 1970 in Lausanne, Switzerland, and living in Buenos Aires, Argentina since 2006 .
Daryl William Maguire MP JP , an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Wagga Wagga for the Liberal Party of Australia since 1999 .
The Thomas Organ Company is an American manufacturer of electronic keyboards and a one-time holder of the manufacturing rights to the Moog synthesizer .
Sandra Christina McCoy is an American actress and dancer who is best known for her role in the 2005 thriller Cry Wolf .
Nemiroff is a Ukrainian producer of alcoholic beverages, specializing in horilkas, vodkas and other spirits, based in the town of Nemyriv in Vinnytska oblast .
James Rizzi was an American pop artist who was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York .
Uher is a German brand of electronic equipment currently owned and licensed by Assmann Electronics of Bad Homburg .
The Régie Immobilière de la Ville de Paris is a public housing agency created in 1923 for the construction of low cost and affordable housing in Paris, France .
Naduvazhi refers to landlords, chieftains and descendants of royal households in the region now known as Kerala, India .
Fausto Miño is an Ecuadorian singer and actor, he won the Quinde de Oro Award .
Shangri-La is a fictional place described in the 1933 novel Lost Horizon by British author James Hilton .
Fogarty's Cove Music is a Canadian independent record label founded by Stan Rogers in 1976, surrounding the production of Rogers' second album, Turnaround .
The Champalimaud Foundation is a private Portuguese biomedical research foundation, which aims to support the biomedical sciences, focused in particular, on the fields of neuroscience and cancer .
Schaffhausen is a city in northern Switzerland and the capital of the canton of the same name; it has an estimated population of 34,587 as of December 2008 .
The Colony of Aden or Aden Colony within the new Federation of South Arabia .
Gaz Métro is an energy company in Quebec and one of the largest natural gas distributors in Canada .
M/A-COM Technology Solutions is a developer and producer of radio, microwave, and millimeter wave semiconductor devices and components .
JSW Energy Limited is the dynamic vertical of $11 Bn JSW Group which has set up business facilities in various core sectors of India .
Simon Coleby is a British comic book artist who has worked mainly for British sci-fi comic 2000 AD and Marvel Comics .
Experion Technologies is a software products and services company with its headquarters in Technopark, Kerala, India .
The Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem was a crusader state established in the Southern Levant in 1099 after the First Crusade .
Whatman is a GE Healthcare Life Sciences brand specialising in lab filtration products and separation technologies .
Leader Price , is a French discount store chain of the Groupe Casino, headquartered in Paris, France .
Tidiane Sane is a Senegalese professional football midfielder who plays for the Turkish Süper Lig side Sanica Boru Elazığspor .
JMI Equity is an American growth equity firm focused on investing in leading software, internet, business services and healthcare IT companies .
BINA Istra is a Croatian joint stock company founded in 1995 to facilitate construction and subsequent management of an Istrian Y motorway, consisting of the A8 motorway and the A9 motorway .
Della Ferrera is an Italian motorcycle marque founded by the Della Ferrera brothers in Torino .
CILAS is a French company, a subsidiary of EADS Astrium, specialized in laser and optics technology, founded in 1966 .
Kranich's Jewelers is a family owned jewelry store with locations in Altoona, State College and Johnstown Pennsylvania .
Mary Hanson is an American television presenter and host of The Mary Hanson Show .
Puerto Rico in favor of a change in status, with full statehood the preferred option .
Moravia is a historical country in Central Europe in the east of the Czech Republic and one of the historical Czech lands, together with Bohemia and Czech Silesia .
omNovia Technologies is a software company, founded by Shahin Shadfar in 2004 that provides web conferencing solutions for realtime, rich-media online meetings, webinars, webcasts and eLearning sessions with two to 5,000 interactive participants .
Saihi Motor is a bus company in north area of Nagasaki Prefecture and west area of Saga Prefecture .
AlphaGraphics is a franchised chain of more than 260 independently owned and operated marketing service providers with full-service print shops .
Ghanzi is a town in the western part of the Republic of Botswana in southern Africa .
Processor Technology Corporation was a personal computer company founded in April 1975 by Gary Ingram and Bob Marsh in Berkeley, California .
Van Vandegrift and other Fox and NBC series as well as innovative viral marketing web series and mobile series .
Tope Alabi, also known as Ore ti o common, and as Agbo Jesu, is a multi-platinum Nigerian Gospel Singer, film music composer and actress .
The Kingdom of Maynila , was one of three major city-states that dominated the area by the lower reaches and mouth of the Pasig River before the arrival of Spanish colonizers in the 16th century .
China Huadian Corporation is one of the five largest state-owned power generation enterprises in China, administrated by SASAC for the State Council of the People's Republic of China, engaging in production and supply of electricity and heat, and the development of power-related primary energy .
Rosenergomash is probably a Russian electro-mechanical manufacturer and operator, which owns or operates several plants in Ukraine and Russia .
Theater Regensburg is a theatrical organization that produces operas, musicals, ballets, plays, and concerts in Regensburg, Germany .
The Southland Province was a province of New Zealand from March 1861, when it split from Otago Province, until 1870, when it rejoined Otago .
CheapTickets is an online travel services company focusing on the leisure market, offering airline tickets, hotel and vacation rentals, rental cars, customized vacation packages, and cruises .
Shanghai Film Group Corporation is a film, animation and documentary production company under the Shanghai Media & Entertainment Group conglomerate .
Bill Wilson is a former Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, for the 22nd District from 2003- 2011, and served as Chairman of Business and Labor .
Marine Harvest ASA, Pan Fish prior to February 6, 2007, is a Norwegian seafood company with operations in a number of countries around the world .
The Saffron Building Society is a regional building society which has branches and agencies in the East of England .
Collie Buddz is an American/Bermudian reggae artist best known for his single ""Come Around"" .
The Universal Insurance Company Limited is a part of Bibojee Group of Companies which was established by the late Habibullah Khan Khattak .
Jan Kanty Pawluśkiewicz is a Polish composer and musician, known for his collaboration with Marek Grechuta and his compositions for stage and film .
Kiehl's is an American cosmetics brand retailer that specializes in making premium skin, hair, and body care products .
Giannis Valinakis , after serving as assistant director of research, director of research, and director general .
The Republic of Sonora was a declared federal republic composed of two states: the controlled Baja California and non-controlled Sonora .
Suka Makmue is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Nagan Raya Regency .
Gary Anthony Siplin was a Democratic member of the Florida Senate, representing the 19th District since 2003 .
Michael James ""Jim"" Kale is a Canadian musician, best known as the bassist for The Guess Who .
Russia , as well as being the leading member of the Commonwealth of Independent States .
The United States Navy grew rapidly during World War II from 1941–45, and played the central role in the war against Japan, and : the Attack on Pearl Harbor, Battle of the Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway, the Battle of the Philippine Sea, the Battle of Leyte Gulf, and the Battle of Okinawa .
Kampong Thom is the capital city of Kampong Thom Province, Cambodia lying on the bank of the Stung Sen River .
Royal Leerdam Crystal, also known as Royal Leerdam, is the designing and glass blowing department of Dutch glassware producing factory, Glasfabriek Leerdam .
Maria Remenyi is a beauty queen and, later, an astrophysicist and cosmologist, who held the title of Miss USA 1966 .
ADVA Optical Networking SE is a telecommunications vendor that provides network equipment for data, storage, voice and video services .
Doc Savage is a fictional character originally published in American pulp magazines during the 1930s and 1940s .
Checker Book Publishing Group was an independent publisher of comics reprints, from newspaper strips to modern out-of-print titles and collections from defunct publishers .
Myinmu is a river town in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma .
Bushnell Corporation, also known as Bushnell and Bushnell Outdoor Products, is an American company specializing in optics and imaging .
Brendan Ian ""Brush"" Shiels is an Irish musician from County Dublin, best known for being the frontman of Gary Moore's first band, Skid Row .
Owen's Market is a small chain of grocery stores located in northern Indiana in the United States, owned by the Kroger corporation .
Ann Jones is a journalist and author of a number of non-fiction books about her research into women's and humanitarian issues: Women Who Kill, Kabul in Winter, Looking for Lovedu, Next Time She'll be Dead and When Love Goes Wrong .
The Tuvan Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast of the Soviet Union created on 11 October 1944 following the annexation of the Tuvan People's Republic by the Soviet Union .
National Bulk Handling Corporation is India's leading integrated commodity and collateral management company based in Mumbai .
Nikephoros Kallistos Xanthopoulos, Latinized as Nicephorus Callistus Xanthopulus , of Constantinople, the last of the Greek ecclesiastical historians, flourished around 1320 .
Marcus Bleasdale is a British photojournalist, born in the UK to an Irish family .
Aidan John Moffat is a Scottish vocalist and musician, best known for his work with Malcolm Middleton in Arab Strap .
Düsseldorf is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the north-west of the country .
Georgia has competed seven times at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest , debuting at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Rotterdam .
Kuningan is a city in eastern West Java, Indonesia, between Cirebon and Tasikmalaya, about 200 km east of Jakarta .
Palash Sen is an Indian singer, songwriter, musician, composer and actor best known as the founder and frontman of India's biggest band Euphoria .
Lankhmar is a fictional city in the Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stories by Fritz Leiber .
Kristina Matisic is the host, with Anna Wallner, of The Shopping Bags, Anna & Kristina's Grocery Bag, and Anna & Kristina's Beauty Call .
The Taifa of Silves was a Muslim taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southern Portugal for two distinct periods: from 1027 to 1063, and again from 1145 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads .
Imatest LLC is a company that produces image quality testing software and offers a range of consulting services .
Rezolution Pictures is a film and television production company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, focusing primarily on Canadian Aboriginal productions .
Janet Greenip was a Republican State Senator from Crofton, Maryland, representing District 33 from 2003 through 2009 .
Macarthur Coal was a mining company based in Queensland, Australia, which was incorporated in October 1995 .
Bahawalpur was a princely state, currently part of Punjab province, stretching along the southern bank of the Sutlej and Indus Rivers, with its capital city at Bahawalpur .
Thwaites & Reed has been in continuous manufacture since its foundation and claims to be the oldest clock manufacturing company in the world .
Tuan Haji Anuar bin Haji Abdul Wahab AMN was a grandmaster of Seni Gayung Fatani who, during his time, revolutionized the teaching and practice of silat in Malaysia .
No Income No Asset but in actuality have been popularly used in situations where aggressive mortgage lenders and brokers did not want any trouble qualifying otherwise non-qualifying loans, thus becoming a significant factor in the subprime lending crisis .
Bobby Susser , and also known as Bob Susser, is a multi-award winning, American songwriter, record producer, and performer, best known for his young children's music .
Thrill is a pay television horror channel in Asia owned by Celestial Tiger Entertainment and billed as Asia's first and only movie channel dedicated to 24/7 to the horror suspense genre .
John Timothy ""Tim"" Griffin is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who is the 16th and current Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas of the state of Arkansas, since 2015 .
The Fula or Fulani jihads, were a series of independent but loosely connected events across West Africa between the late 17th century and European colonization, in which Muslim Fulas took control of various parts of the region .
Aundh State was a Maratha princely state in the British Raj, in the Deccan States Agency division of the Bombay Presidency .
The Province of Prussia was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1829–1878 created out of the provinces of East Prussia and West Prussia .
Fran Cosmo is an American musician best known as a former lead singer of the bands Boston and Orion the Hunter .
Puppet Up! – Uncensored is a live show produced by The Jim Henson Company combining puppetry and improvisational comedy created by Brian Henson and Groundlings performer Patrick Bristow .
Soviet Central Asia refers to the section of Central Asia formerly controlled by the Soviet Union, as well as the time period of Soviet administration .
Mered de Vries is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in the small village of Harich in Friesland .
Lovecraft Country is a term coined by Keith Herber for the New England setting, combining real and fictitious locations, used by H .
Korea Newswire is a commercial news agency service which distributes press releases to Korean media and internet portals .
Rao Inderjit Singh is an Indian politician who is a Minister of State in the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha, the lower house of the parliament of India .
Harold Rudolf Foster , better known as Hal Foster, was a Canadian-American illustrator and writer best known as the creator of the comic strip Prince Valiant .
The Federal Republic of Brazil is a union of twenty-seven Federal Units , where the federal capital, Brasília, is located .
Abderrahmane Abdelli is an Berber author, composer, and singer songwriter known for mixing the traditional North African music of his homeland with modern sounds .
The Theme of the Aegean Sea , it served chiefly to provide ships and troops for the Byzantine navy, but also served as a civil administrative circumscription .
Hassan Sattar is an Iranian Pop-tenor, Oratorio singer with specialization in both Persian pop and classical music .
Poldhu is a small area in south Cornwall, England, UK, situated on the Lizard Peninsula; it comprises Poldhu Point and Poldhu Cove .
The Eaton Harbors Corporation on the North Shore of Long Island on the Eatons Neck and Asharoken peninsula .
Chevys Fresh Mex is a chain of Mexican-style casual dining restaurants located in the United States .
Mark Hunter Klein is an American blue eyed soul and blues singer-songwriter, actor and member of The Boogie Kings, an American swamp pop band .
Alec Soth is an American photographer, notable for ""large-scale American projects"" featuring the midwestern United States .
Veda Beaux Reves, also known as Enda McGrattan, but better known simply as Veda, is a drag queen and singer from Dublin, Ireland .
Exhumed Films is a Philadelphia-based ""organization devoted to showing horror movies for the benefit of their fans .
The Cherokee Commission, was a three-person bi-partisan body created by President Benjamin Harrison to operate under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, as empowered by Section 14 of the Indian Appropriations Act of March 2, 1889 .
Morbidgames is a publisher of role-playing games and sci-fi fiction under the Open Game License using the d20 system, the majority of which take place in a medieval world with fantasy and steampunk elements .
Alpes Poeninae, also known as Alpes Graiae, was a small Alpine province of the Roman Empire, one of three such provinces in the western Alps between Italy and Gaul .
Cincinnati, Ohio is served by one daily newspaper, the Cincinnati Enquirer and six alternative, weekly, and monthly publications .
Patil Prakashbapu Vasantdada , and their son Pratik Patil who won the by-poll occasioned by his father's death .
Alexandra ""Ali"" Lowe Riley is an American-born New Zealand association football player who is currently a member of the FC Rosengård in Damallsvenskan .
Duck Baker is an accomplished and influential American fingerstyle guitarist, who in his playing combines genres as varied as rags, blues, country, gospel, cajun, bluegrass, Celtic music, ballads and jazz, swing, New Orleans jazz and free jazz .
Windward Reports is a suite of enterprise-level reporting software, document generation software, and business intelligence software for business teams .
iSheriff is an Internet security vendor that specializes in cloud-based security and compliance, with specialities in E-mail filtering, Web filters and endpoint security .
Nike Davies-Okundaye aka ""'Nike Davies'"" aka ""'Nike Twin Seven Seven'"" aka ""'Nike Olaniyi'"" is a Nigerian batik and textile designer, considered to be the foremost designer on the west coast of Africa .
Emerson Network Power – a division of Emerson Electric Company – is a global technology company that specializes in the development and manufacture of power backup systems, power supplies, embedded computing solutions, precision cooling, racks/enclosures, infrastructure management, and connectivity technologies for original equipment manufacturers, telecommunications service providers, data center professionals, health care IT managers, and industrial facility managers .
First West Credit Union is the third-largest credit union in British Columbia by asset size following Vancity and Coast Capital Savings .
Anhalt-Bernburg was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire and a duchy of the German Confederation ruled by the House of Ascania with its residence at Bernburg in present-day Saxony-Anhalt .
The State Railways of the Turkish Republic of railways making it the 22nd largest railway system in the world .
The German Confederation , after which they became a part of the new German state .
Camila Grey is a Los Angeles based musician currently performing in the duo Uh Huh Her .
DEODEO Corporation is one of the largest consumer electronics retailer chains based in Hiroshima, Japan .
The Battle of Owyhee River took place during the Snake War in 1866 in response to Paiute attacks along the Boise River .
The Egyptian Radio and Television Union , formerly the Arab Radio and Television Union, is the public broadcaster of Egypt, operated by the Egyptian government .
Tom Douglas is an American executive chef, restaurateur, author, and radio talk show host .
Plum Financial Services Limited is an Australian corporate superannuation administrator and provider of financial products and services .
Rusty Jeffers to hold a bodybuilding show in his name: the 2015 Rusty Jeffers Southwest Championships on April 11, 2015 .
Sukhbir Singh Badal is an Indian politician who has been the Deputy Chief Minister of Punjab since 2009 .
Akwa Akpa, known to colonists as Old Calabar or Duke Town was an Efik city-state that flourished in the 19th century in what is now southeastern Nigeria .
Ali Mohammed Mujawar served as Prime Minister of Yemen between 7 April 2007 and December 10, 2011 and prior as electricity minister .
The historic City of Golden is the Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat of Jefferson County, Colorado, United States .
The United States housing bubble was an economic bubble affecting many parts of the United States housing market in over half of American states .
Konstantinos is the name of a practicing occultist and neopagan , and the author of six spiritual and occult books on nocturnal witchcraft, all published by Llewellyn Worldwide .
Australian Capital Territory is a territory in the south east of Australia, enclaved within New South Wales .
NKT Holding is a holding company and industrial conglomerate with interests in cables and wires, cleaning equipment and high-pressure cleaners for both industry and private use as well as optical components, lasers and crystal fibres .
The Sultanate of Damagaram was a powerful pre-colonial state in what is now southeastern Niger, centered on the city of Zinder .
Katha is a town in Sagaing Region, Myanmar, on the west side of the Irrawaddy River on a bluff with an average elevation of 124 m .
Brooke Skye is a model, and former American pornographic actress who currently lives in San Diego, California .
Urbi, incorporated in 1981, is a home developer based in Mexico, its headquarters are located in the Northwestern city and the capital of the state of Baja California, Mexicali .
Teruhiko ""Teru"" Kobashi CM to show people of having the blood tested for HIV awareness .
Pergamino Partido is a partido located in the north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
BC Partners is a private equity firm specialising in buyouts and acquisitions financing in Europe and the United States .
Eugene Montgomery, a painter and illustrator, was born in Texas in 1905 and died in Aurora, Illinois on December 16, 2001 of complications from a broken hip .
CT&T United is the world's largest manufacturer of battery electric vehicles including the eZone Medium Speed Vehicle and cZone low-speed vehicle based in South Korea .
Dodoma , officially Dodoma Urban District, is the national capital of Tanzania and the capital of Dodoma Region, with a population of 410,956 .
Bedaya Singuila N'Garoest better known as Singuila and ""Ma Nature"", strengthen his position in French R'n'B circles .
Knud Jeppesen was a Danish musicologist, composer, and writer on the history of music .
Sitecore is a customer experience management company that provides web content management and multichannel marketing automation software .
James Michael Jackson, known as Mike Jackson is a Republican former member of the Texas Senate representing the 11th District .
Patrick Blake Judd , a native of Greensburg, Kentucky, is an independent filmmaker who currently resides in Lexington, Kentucky .
Johnny Kreiss was the drummer of Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin's pre-Guns N' Roses band Hollywood Rose .
Donald Douglas and the role of Admiral Darcy in the Bridget Jones's Diary movies .
The Dervish state was an early 20th-century Somali Sunni Islamic state that was established by Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, a religious leader who gathered Somali soldiers from across the Horn of Africa and united them into a loyal army known as the Dervishes .
Elliott Landy is a photographer best known for his iconic photographs of rock musicians .
Taybarns is an English low-cost all-you-can-eat restaurant chain owned by Whitbread, modelled on the Golden Corral chain in the United States .
The Eastland Company, or North Sea Company, was an English crown-chartered company, founded in 1579 to foster trade with Scandinavia and Baltic Sea states .
Woodrow Phoenix is a British comics artist, writer, editorial illustrator, graphic designer, font designer and author of children's books .
Sanne Keizer is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in Doetinchem .
The Chagatai Khanate was a Mongol khanate that comprised the lands ruled by Chagatai Khan, second son of Genghis Khan, and his descendents and successors .
The Sawyers Fight was part of a surveying expedition in late 1865 to improve the emigrant trails from Nebraska to Montana .
The British Aerosol Manufacturers’ Association is a UK trade association based in Stevenage, which represents companies involved in the aerosol supply chain, including suppliers of components and ingredients to fillers and marketers .
Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 37 times since making its debut in 1973 .
A prisoner in the Vatican or prisoner of the Vatican is how Pope Pius IX was described following the capture of Rome by the armed forces of the Kingdom of Italy on 20 September 1870 .
Not to be confused with the Canadian R&B singer Inez Jasper, who also goes by InezInez is a Danish singer .
Meiju Enho, born in 1981 in Finland, is the former keyboard player of the Finnish Viking folk metal band Mamyth .
Dartmouth Broadcasting began in 1920s with the ambitions of a few Dartmouth College students that decided to give a new technology called radio a try .
The Hồ dynasty was a short-lived six-year reign of two emperors, Hồ Quý Ly in 1400-01 and his second son, Hồ Hán Thương, who reigned from 1401 to 1406 .
LaSalle Ishii on October 19, 1955 in Osaka Prefecture, is a Japanese TV personality, actor, voice actor, and theater director .
Panasonic , CD players and home stereo equipment, fax machines, scanners, printers, electronic white-boards, electronic components and semiconductors .
Tundra Semiconductor Corporation supplies communications, computing and storage companies with System Interconnect products, intellectual property and design services backed by customer service and technical support .
Anthony John Roberts MP , an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Resources and Energy and the Special Minister of State, since 2013 in the Baird government and the former Minister for Fair Trading in the O'Farrell government .
Mackay Transit is the principal bus operator in Mackay in Queensland operating services the QConnect scheme in regional Queensland .
Salvador, formerly São Salvador da Bahia de Todos os Santos , known as Elevador Lacerda, has connected the two sections since 1873, having since undergone several upgrades .
Park Plaza Hotels & Resorts is a worldwide brand of 39 hotels operating in Europe, the Middle East, the United States and Asia .
Steven Best , though he has said that he is not himself an ALF activist .
Classical Theatre Project is a professional theatre company based in Toronto, Ontario that creates innovative productions of classic plays for a new generation of theatre fans .
Kosovo , Regional Cooperation Council, Council of Europe Development Bank, Venice Commission and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .
Navahrudak Voblast or Novogrudak Oblast was a Voblast of the Byelorussian SSR following the annexation of West Belarus into the BSSR in 1939 .
The SAO of Romanija was a self-proclaimed Serbian Autonomous Oblast within today's Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Battambang , though it was always populated by Khmer with a mix of ethnic Vietnamese, Lao, Thai and Chinese .
Highland Scottish Omnibuses Ltd was formed as a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group in June 1985 from Highland Omnibuses Ltd, and operated until October 1995 when the company was split into two - Highland Bus & Coach and Highland Country Buses .
K-Solo is an American rapper from Central Islip, New York who, along with Redman, EPMD, Das EFX, and Keith Murray, was part of the Hit Squad in 1990s .
Midland Scottish Omnibuses Ltd was a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group formed in June 1985 from Walter Alexander and Sons Ltd, and operated until 1991 when it became Midland Bluebird Ltd .
Donato Francisco Mattera , better known as Don Mattera, is a South African poet and author .
The Mitsubishi Group is a group of autonomous Japanese multinational companies covering a range of businesses which share the Mitsubishi brand, trademark, and legacy .
Zacatecas , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Sebastian Koch is a German television and movie actor and recipient of various German film awards .
TVP Katowice aka TV Katowice also Television Katowice is one of the regional branches of the TVP, Poland's public television broadcaster .
Kummuh is an Iron Age Neo-Hittite - Proto-Armenian kingdom located on the west bank of the Upper Euphrates within the easternly loop of the river between Malatya and Carchemish .
The Transpadane Republic , even if its orders had to be approved by the French military commander of Lombardy .
Liberty Tax Service is a United States-based company specializing in the preparation of tax returns for individuals and small businesses, it is the third largest tax preparation franchise in the United States .
Nicole LeFavour is an American politician and educator from Idaho, served as an Idaho State Senator from 2008 to 2012 .
The term Angevin Empire by Philip II of France of the House of Capet, which left the empire split in two, having lost many French provinces, including Normandy and Anjou .
Mercedes Partido is a partido located in the eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Mathias Eick is a Norwegian jazz musician, and the brother of the jazz musicians Johannes Eick and Trude Eick .
Commonly known as Avro Canada, this company started in 1945 as an aircraft plant and became within thirteen years the third-largest company in Canada, one of the largest 100 companies in the world, and directly employing over 50,000 .
Sedmoi Kontinent MCX: SCON is a major grocery retail chain operating 140 stores in Russia and one in Belarus .
The Sikh Empire was a major power in the Indian subcontinent, that arose under the leadership of Maharaja Ranjit Singh who established the empire basing it around the Punjab .
Leo Apostel was a Belgian philosopher and professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Ghent University .
Ropeadope Records is an American record label known for recordings in a variety of genres including; jazz, hip hop, gospel and electronic music .
Coastal Studios, formerly known as Coastal Carolina Sound Studios, is a recording studio located in Wilmington, North Carolina .
Nicholas James ""Nick"" Vujicic is an Australian Christian evangelist and motivational speaker born with tetra-amelia syndrome, a rare disorder characterised by the absence of all four limbs .
The Batavian Republic , surprisingly did not slavishly follow French dictates either, leading to his downfall .
The Second Bank of the United States, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was the second federally authorized Hamiltonian National Bank in the United States during its 20-year charter from February 1816 to January 1836 .
A state of the United States of America is one of the 50 constituent political entities that shares its sovereignty with the United States federal government .
Pottsylvania is a fictional country that appeared in the television series Rocky and His Friends and The Bullwinkle Show, collectively referred to as Rocky and Bullwinkle .
The Kingdom of Gera , Gera's territory corresponds approximately with the modern woreda of Gera .
Axis Group Yacht Design is an Italian naval architecture, marine engineering and design company specialized in the over 40 meter luxury motoryacht market .
The Banovina of Croatia or Banate of Croatia of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1939 and 1941 .
In the World of Greyhawk campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game, the Wolf Nomads, properly known as the Wegwiur, is a political state of the Flanaess .
A republic in the Commonwealth of Nations is any one of the 32 sovereign states of the Commonwealth of Nations with a republican form of government .
Katerina Moutsatsou or Moutsatsos , is a Los Angeles-based Greek actress, producer, writer, and activist .
Famoudou Don Moye, and is noted for his mastery of African and Caribbean percussion instruments and rhythmic techniques .
British Togoland officially Mandate Territory of Togoland and later officially Trust Territory of Togoland was a territory in West Africa, under the administration of the United Kingdom .
Peshawar , and the administrative centre and economic hub for the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
The First White House of the Confederacy was the executive residence of President Jefferson Davis and family while the capital of the Confederate States of America was in Montgomery, Alabama .
Ford India Private Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Ford Motor Company in India .
Chaoda Modern Agriculture Limited is a publicly owned company in the production and distribution of ecologically grown vegetables and other agricultural products .
Arnaldo Edi Lopes da Silva , commonly known as Edinho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Kayseri Erciyesspor as a striker .
The Republic of North Ingria was a short-lived state of Ingrian Finns in the southern part of the Karelian Isthmus, which seceded from Bolshevist Russia after the October Revolution .
Gothong Southern or Gothong Southern Shipping Lines Incorporated is a shipping and cargo line based in Cebu City .
Professor Amitabh Mattoo and was a member of the task force constituted by Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Global Strategic Developments .
The Sanjak of Montenegro of the Ottoman Empire in the Balkan Peninsula roughly corresponding to modern Montenegro .
Uganda Telecom, whose full legal name is Uganda Telecom Limited , is an information and communication technology network company in Uganda .
Dave Thomas, born 5 October 1950 in Kirkby-in-Ashfield, England is a former professional footballer and England international who played as a midfielder .
James Gamble Rogers IV was a folk artist musician and storyteller known for the recurring theme in his songs and stories about characters and places in a fictional Florida county .
Not to be confused with the Caucasus EmirateThe Caucasian Imamate also known as the Caucasus Imamate was the state established by the imams in Dagestan and Chechnya during the early and middle of the 19th century in the Northern Caucasus, to fight against the Russian Empire during the Caucasian War, where Russia sought to conquer the Caucasus in order to secure communications with its Southern territories, with the long term goal of the conquest of the ""riches of Persia and the Middle East"" .
Monchegorsky District of Murmansk Okrug of Leningrad Oblast, and later of Murmansk Oblast of the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, which existed in 1938–1949 .
Seo In-Young , also known as Elly, is a South Korean singer, dancer, model, television host, and actress .
Palembang is the second-largest city in Sumatra Island after Medan and the capital city of the South Sumatra province in Indonesia .
Stephen is a successful British Yachtsman who has enjoyed success in a classes from the International Cadet to the 49er .
Delhi , Greater Noida, Sonepat, Panipat, Karnal, Rohtak, Bhiwani, Rewari, Baghpat, Meerut, Alwar, Bharatpur and other nearby towns .
Voronyinskoye Rural Community of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1861–1866 .
Mortgage Loan Directory and Information, LLC is a publisher providing editorial content and directory information in the field of mortgages and personal finance based in New York City, in the United States .
Deborah Ann ""Debbie"" Dingell is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for Michigan's 12th congressional district since 2015 .
Roxana Robinson is an American novelist and biographer whose fiction explores the complexity of familial bonds and fault lines .
Zoonami was a video game development company, founded in 1998 by Martin Hollis, the director and producer of GoldenEye 007 .
The policy of Irish neutrality during World War II was adopted by the Irish parliament at the instigation of the Taoiseach Éamon de Valera upon the outbreak of World War II in Europe .
The city of Solothurn is the capital of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Annie Ward Mobley is a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives, representing the 5th district since her appointment in January 2007 .
Smartnet IBC LTD is a company with a portfolio filled with web sites specialized at helping communities of graphic artists, sculptors and painters from all over the world .
Pyapon is a town and seat of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar, along the Pyapon River, a tributary of the Ayeyarwady River .
Dublin as a global city, with a ranking of ""Alpha-"", placing it among the top thirty cities in the world .
Antonio Lindbäck is an international motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of the Swedish team who won the Speedway World Cup in 2004 .
Tilamuta is a town in Sulawesi in Indonesia and is the seat of the Regency of Boalemo .
Deacon is an American ""Written, Arranged, Produced and Performed By"" singer songwriter from Tulsa, Oklahoma .
Cultural depictions of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania range from depictions of major historical events to the city being used as a minor backdrop .
The Playwrights' Center is a non-profit theatre organization focused on both supporting playwrights and promoting new plays to production at theaters across the country .
Åhus Glass was a Swedish ice cream producer, situated in the locality of Åhus in Kristianstad Municipality, Skåne County .
Charlie Waite is an English landscape photographer, noted for his ""painterly"" approach in using light and shade .
Dimdim was a software company that provided a web-based platform for realtime, rich-media collaboration and meetings .
One of Irelands foremost singers, Eleanor Shanley, from Keshcarrigan in County Leitrim in the North West of Ireland, is renowned for her unique interpretation of Irish and Roots songs .
Isenburg-Neumagen was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Neumagen-Dhron in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Zytek Group Ltd was an automotive and motorsport company founded by Bill Gibson in 1981 and based in Fradley and Repton, United Kingdom .
Graham Rawle is a UK writer and collage artist whose visual work incorporates illustration, design, photography and installation .
Booksfree is an online book rental company, the first to offer flat rate rental-by-mail to customers in the United States .
The Telegraph Media Group is the proprietor of The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph .
Solé Bicycle Company was founded in 2010, by University of Southern California students, Jonathan Ross Shriftman and Jacob Medwell .
The Chulalongkorn University Book Center is a chain of bookstores operated by Chulalongkorn University in Thailand .
Inírida is mostly indigenous and accounts for about a third of the department's population .
Elizabeth Holden, better known by her pen name Louise Lawrence, was an English science fiction author, acclaimed during the 1970s and 1980s .
Breck Stewart also known as Breck Alec Stewart is a singer-songwriter, actor, director and editor in various projects .
Doyon, Limited is one of thirteen Alaska Native Regional Corporations created under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971 in settlement of aboriginal land claims .
Mark Lockheart is a British jazz tenor saxophonist who came to prominence as a member of the Loose Tubes big band during the 1980s .
The Republika Srpska is one of two entities in Bosnia and Herzegovina; the other entity is the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Indus Flotilla was a steamship company established in 1859 in British India to provide ""the navigation of the Indus, &c, by means of steam vessels [sic], between Kotree and Mooltan, to be worked in connection with the railways .
Southern Cameroons was the southern part of the British Mandate territory of Cameroons in West Africa .
Daik is the main town on the island of Lingga of Lingga Regency, in the Riau archipelago in Indonesia .
Jacksons Stores Ltd, named after William Jackson, the man who founded it, was a British chain of 114 convenience stores in Yorkshire and the North Midlands that was founded in 1991 by the Hull-based William Jackson & Sons Ltd and sold to Sainsbury's in 2004, an acquisition which doubled that company's share of the convenience store market .
The UWM Post was a weekly newspaper independently run by the students of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee .
Stonyfield Farm, also simply called Stonyfield, is an organic yogurt maker located in Londonderry, New Hampshire, USA .
Marcel Wanders is a Dutch designer, and art director in the Powerhouse studio in Amsterdam, who designs architectural, interior and industrial projects .
Global Sources allow buyers to contact manufacturers directly for inquiries and purchases Global Sources Magazines feature thousands of informative supplier advertisements .
Ekiti State is a state in western Nigeria, declared a state on October 1, 1996 alongside five others by the military under the dictatorship of General Sani Abacha .
Dromon Bureau of Shipping is an International Classification Society, providing classification and statutory certification services to ships and other marine structures, based on International Conventions, Rules and Regulations .
Desiree Tyler Horton , nicknamed ""Chopper Chick,"" is a helicopter pilot and television personality based in Los Angeles, California .
The Treaty With The Cherokee, 1798, also known as the First Treaty of Tellico, was signed on October 2, 1798, in the Overhill Cherokee settlement of Great Tellico near Tellico Blockhouse in what is now Tennessee .
Nizhnekamskneftekhim , also known as NKNH, is a large petrochemical company headquartered in the city of Nizhnekamsk, in the Tatarstan Republic in Russia, east of Moscow .
Bernard Quirinus Petrus Joseph de Wit in 1978, where became head of the theory group in 1981 .
Shaqlawa is an historically Assyrian city in the Arbil Governorate in the Kurdistan region of Iraq .
The Broadway Federal Bank is a community bank founded in 1946 and based in Los Angeles .
Walnut Tree Records established in 2007, is a British independent record label specialising in limited run releases from new and upcoming bands from around the United Kingdom .
Peace Arch Entertainment is a Canadian motion picture and television production company based in Toronto, Canada with offices in Los Angeles and Vancouver .
The Weather Channel is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by The Weather Company, itself owned by a consortium that is owned in turn by NBCUniversal and investment firms The Blackstone Group and Bain Capital – and includes the online weather services Weather Underground and Intellicast, and weather data and software company Weather Services International , giving it the highest national distribution of any U .
Kiss Flights was a charter, seat only tour operator which ceased trading on 17 August 2010 .
Simon Hale is a BAFTA winning British composer, arranger and keyboard player in the recording industry .
Santiago is a province of the Dominican Republic, in the north of the country .
Juliet Gardiner is a British historian and a commentator on British social history from Victorian times through to the 1950s .
Smallworld is the brand name of a portfolio of GIS software provided by GE Energy, a division of General Electric .
For the Mexico City-based cargo airline see AeroUnionAero Union Corporation was an aircraft operation and maintenance company based in Chico, California, United States .
SindoPower is the first business-to-business eCommerce business owned by a manufacturer of power semiconductor components .
The Bishopric of Brandenburg was a Roman Catholic diocese established by Otto the Great in 948, including the territory between the Elbe on the west, the Oder on the east, and the Schwarze Elster on the south, and taking in the Uckermark to the north .
In Greek mythology, Comaetho in Patrae, thus both putting an end to the sacrifices and curing himself of madness which had been sent upon him when he had first looked at the god's image .
Aareal Bank AG is an international company listed on the MDAX index with headquarters in Wiesbaden, Germany, which traded as DePfa Deutsche Bau- und Boden Bank AG and formed part of the DePfa Gruppe until 2002 .
The State of Quán , Shayang County, Jingmen City, Hubei Province, next to what would later emerge as the State of Chu .
ION Geophysical is a technology-focused seismic solutions company that provides advanced acquisition equipment, software, planning and seismic processing services, and seismic data libraries to the global oil & gas industry .
Dimitri Pelo is a French professional rugby league player for Canberra Raiders in the NRL .
Walter Lee Harrison, a native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is an American scholar of American Literature and Culture, and serves as the President of the University of Hartford, in West Hartford, CT .
Behr Brothers was a New York based piano company founded in 1880 and hailed as a major contributor to the piano industry of the late 19th and early 20th Centuries .
The island of Samos had participated in the Greek War of Independence and had successfully resisted several Turkish and Egyptian attempts to occupy it, but it was not included with the boundaries of the newly independent Kingdom of Greece after 1832 .
The Taifa of Menorca was a medieval taifa kingdom, which existed from 1228 until 1287, when the Kingdom of Aragon conquered it .
Inventory Locator Service, LLC is an American company that started the first e-Marketplace for aviation, marine, and defense industries .
Al-Qurnah is locally celebrated and shown to the tourist as the actual Tree of Knowledge noted in the Bible .
Nelson Évora is a Portuguese athlete, of Cape Verdean descent, who specializes in the triple jump and long jump .
The Kingdom of Asturias was a kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula founded in 718 by Visigothic nobleman Pelagius of Asturias .
The Qatar Investment Authority is Qatar's sovereign wealth fund, specializing in domestic and foreign investment .
Franciscus Henricus Antheunis, professionally known as Franciscus Henri , is an internationally known musician and children's entertainer .
Scott Griffiths, better known by the stage name Optamus, is one of the MCs of the Perth-based Australian hip-hop group Downsyde and member of WA's Syllabolix Crew .
MonoMetro is a transportation planning company formed in 1997 to promote a new design of suspended narrow-gauge railway .
Solarlite CSP Technology GmbH, located in Mecklenburg-Pomerania, Germany, develops and builds decentralized solar-thermal parabolic trough power plants and process heat plants .
Helen Marie Salas is a beauty pageant titleholder from the United States who placed in the top five in both the Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants .
Utility Submetering is the implementation of a system that allows a landlord, property management firm, condominium association, homeowners association, or other multi-tenant property to bill tenants for individual measured utility usage .
Allison Paganetti is a beauty queen from North Kingstown, Rhode Island who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Sheila Harsdorf is a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 10th District since 2001 .
Kars Oblast was one of the Transcaucasian oblasts of the Russian Empire between 1878 and 1917 .
dnata Travel is the biggest provider of travel services and products for retail and business customers for the Middle Eastern market .
Kabri is one of the villages in Panipat district of Haryana, India, located nearly 5 kilometres from National Highway 1, one of the major roads of India .
Urijah Christopher Faber is an American mixed martial artist, fighting as a bantamweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Grace Bio-Labs is a global supplier of pharmaceutical, biomedical, and biochemical research products based in Bend, Oregon, United States .
Cianjur is a city in the West Java province of Indonesia, and is the capital of Cianjur Regency .
Karrimor is a British brand of backpacks, outdoor and sports equipment, and clothing, and also refers to the companies of the same name, Karrimor International Ltd , 1998 saw the founding family forced out amid very severe disagreements about company direction, and the core business was then sold a second time in 1999 .
The Tennessee Valley Authority , TVA became a model for America's governmental efforts to seek to assist in the modernization of agrarian societies in the developing world .
Techpedia is a portal of technology projects by students to link the needs of industry and grassroot innovators with young minds and to promote collaborative research .
The Duchy of Montferrat was created out of what was left of the March of Montferrat after the last Palaeologus heir had died , a piece of the duchy passed to Savoy; the remainder passed to Savoy in 1708, as Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor, gained possession of the principal Gonzaga territory, the Duchy of Mantua .
Arak About this sound pronunciation , is a city in and the capital of Markazi Province, Iran .
The Northwest Territories , although portions of the territory lie north of the tree line, and its most northern regions form part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago .
Adrian Mrowiec is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for German club Chemnitzer FC .
Muhammad Hussein Yacoub is an Islamic scholar in Egypt, who has given hundreds of lectures in Da'wah .
Semichem are a British-based retailer that specialises in a wide variety of different household items, in particular focusing on perfume, health and other beauty products .
Dhani Ahmad Prasetyo , better known by Ahmad Dhani or Dhani Manaf, is an Indonesian rock musician, songwriter, arranger, and producer .
Ashley Gilbertson is a photographer with the VII Photo Agency known for his images of the Iraq war and the effects of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq on returning veterans and their families .
Barbara Delinsky is an American writer of romance novels, including 19 New York Times bestsellers .
John Richard DeGiuli, known by the stage name Johnnie Dee, is a Canadian rock vocalist, best known as the lead singer for the rock band Honeymoon Suite .
Indian Mound Cemetery is a cemetery located along the Northwestern Turnpike on a promontory of the ""Yellow Banks"" overlooking the South Branch Potomac River and Mill Creek Mountain in Romney, West Virginia, United States .
Capstone Infrastructure Corporation is a Toronto, Ontario-based open-ended trust that invests in the following types of power generation assets: Natural Gas cogeneration, Wind, Hydro, Biomass and Solar .
Bas Bron is a musical artist and a producer of mostly electronic music from Amsterdam, Netherlands .
Alfredo Duhalde Vásquez , Presidente of the Athletic Federation of Chile, partner of the Duhalde, Dibarrant and Co .
Funnelback is both an enterprise search engine and the name of the company selling the technology .
Pinlebu is a town in Katha District, Sagaing Division of Burma on the Mu River .
Becca Swanson is an American bodybuilder, powerlifter, pro wrestler and strongwoman who is often referred to as ""The World's Strongest Woman"" or ""The Strongest Woman on the Planet"" .
Memotec Data Incorporated was a small data processing and communications company based in Montreal, Quebec and came into the spolight when it purchased former crown corporation Teleglobe Canada in 1987 under the leadership of its president, William McKenzie .
Elaine Kontominas Alquist is the heart of Silicon Valley in Santa Clara County and includes the cities of San Jose, Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, Mountain View and Gilroy .
Pachuca, comes from the strong winds that blow into the valley through the canyons to the north of the city .
Julie Larson is an American cartoonist who draws the single panel comic strip The Dinette Set .
Cyprus Popular Bank , as of September 2012 it held a 16% share of the market in loans and a 14 .
Gerland Corporation is a retail company headquartered in Houston, Texas, United States; the company operates various grocery stores, gas stations, and check cashing stores within the Greater Houston Area .
The Kaliningrad Railway and differs from other Russian railways in having a string of standard gauge lines .
Terence Yin Chi Wai is a Chinese film actor, singer, producer and media relations .
In 2009 Adobe Systems acquired Omniture, an online marketing and web analytics business unit in Orem, Utah .
Standard Chartered Pakistan is a banking and financial services company in Pakistan and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered .
Egba Alake is one of the four sections of Egbaland, the others being Oke-Ona, Gbagura and the Owu, and is a traditional state which joins with its bordering sections to form something of a high kingship .
David Meltzer is an American poet and musician of the Beat Generation and San Francisco Renaissance .
Christopher Michael ""Chris"" Richardson is an American singer-songwriter who was the fifth-place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
Vicor Music Corporation is one of the major record labels in the Philippines with a tag-line as ""The Home of Original Pilipino Music"" .
The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo .
The Lombard Principality of Salerno was a South Italian state, centered on the port city of Salerno, formed in 851 out of the Principality of Benevento after a decade-long civil war .
Great Fridays is a Manchester-based product and service design company, founded in 2008 by Matthew Farrar and Robert Noble .
Rhodri ap Merfyn , succeeded his father, Merfyn Frych, as King of Gwynedd in 844 .
Flashnotes is an online marketplace that allows college students to buy and sell course specific notes, study guides, flashcards and other items to help students study and/or earn money throughout their college years .
Territorial changes of the Baltic states refers to the redrawing of borders of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia after 1940 .
Ángela Gómez Durán who lived in Cantabria, Spain is a model and former Miss Cantabria 2005 .
The Principality of Hornes was created on the October 16, 1677, and was awarded to Count Eugene Maximillian of Hornes .
The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan was the state established in 1996 when the Taliban began their rule of Afghanistan and ended with their fall from power in 2001 .
Esztergom of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary, and the former seat of the Constitutional Court of Hungary .
Larantuka is a kecamatan , a local dialect over 80% cognate with Indonesian, is used as a lingua franca in this area .
Timothy Alan Kinnan was a Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force he retired from active duty in September 2004 .
Trubion was a publicly held biopharmaceutical company that was focused on creating a pipeline of protein-based therapeutic product candidates to treat autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cancer .
Cheap Tickets Canada is an online and retail travel services company with headquarters and a call center in Saanich, near Victoria, British Columbia, Canada .
The Institution of Chemical Engineers is a global professional engineering institution with over 36,000 members in over 120 countries worldwide, founded in 1922, and awarded a Royal Charter in 1957 .
Lenny Pickett after dropping out of high school in Berkeley, he is completely self-taught in the saxophone .
The Protectorate General of Beiting was a Chinese military outpost established by the Tang Dynasty to control the Beiting area , to Gaochang's north in 702 .
The Farmers Bank of China was one of the largest banks in China and later in the Republic of China .
INSOR , in a Moscow-based nonprofit think tank affiliated with current president of Russia Dmitry Medvedev, who, as of July 31, 2008, heads INSOR's board of trustees .
Binjai formally Kota Binjai is an independent city in the North Sumatra province of Indonesia, and is bordered by Deli Serdang Regency to the east and Langkat Regency to the west .
Edessa , known as ""city of waters"", is a city in northern Greece and the capital of the Pella regional unit, in the Central Macedonia region of Greece .
Carchemish [1]; the original form of the modern toponym seems to have been Djerabis, likely derived from Europos, the ancient name of the Hellenistic-Roman settlement .
The Ohio News Network is a radio service and former television and radio news network in the U .
Phadia develops, manufactures and markets blood test systems to support the clinical diagnosis and monitoring of allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases .
Sir Giles Gilbert Scott, OM was an English architect known for his work on such structures as Liverpool Cathedral, Waterloo Bridge and Battersea Power Station and designing the iconic red telephone box .
La comunidad the community is a global advertising agency with offices in Miami and Buenos Aires .
Kores is a leading international brand of school and office products best known for solid glue sticks, Kolores colored pencils and Scooter dry correction .
Angelo ""Anġlu"" Farrugia is a Maltese politician who is currently the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta .
In the interests of the communities in the Chablais region, at the eastern end of Lake Geneva, it was decided in 1999, to bring together passenger transport companies, to co-ordinate and develop services and investment in transport in the area .
Charles Clinton Campbell is an American ADR Director, Recording engineer, and voice actor for ADV Films Okatron 5000 .
The Wikio Group is a group of online startup enterprises in the field of social media marketing .
Panjshir is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the northeastern part of the country .
The Kingdom of Baguirmi, also known as the Baguirmi Sultanate , Islam was adopted, and the state became a sultanate, using judicial and administrative procedures .
The Colony of the Queen Charlotte Islands was a British colony constituting the archipelago of the same name from 1853 to July 1863, when it was amalgamated into the Colony of British Columbia .
The American Home Furnishings Alliance is a division of the AHFA, as well as the Specialized Furniture Carriers .
Bontang is a city on the eastern coast of the island of Borneo in Indonesia, in the province of East Kalimantan .
Robert Garside , calling himself The Runningman, is a British runner who is credited by Guinness World Records as the first person to run around the world .
The Territory of Alaska or Alaska Territory was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from August 24, 1912, until January 3, 1959, when it was admitted to the Union as the State of Alaska .
Skyscraper Brewing Company is a brewery established in 2007 in Los Angeles County in the City of Industry, California, USA,Skyscraper packaged beers are distributed in the San Diego to Paso Robles area, and draught beers in the Los Angeles area .
Acaya is a small village, a community frazione of Vernole, in the province of Lecce and region of Apulia, in southern Italy .
The Duchy of Spoleto was a Lombard territory founded about 570 in central Italy by the Lombard dux Faroald .
Rokugan is the fictional empire which is the main power in the Legend of the Five Rings setting, the basis for the Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game, Legend of the Five Rings Role-Playing Game, the board game Art of War and the now out of print Clan War Miniatures game, all from Alderac Entertainment Group .
Nueva Extremadura could refer to a region in the north of New Spain, in present day Texas, the United States of America, and northern Mexico .
Browne Jacobson LLP is a national law firm with offices in Birmingham, Exeter, London, Manchester and Nottingham .
Yojiro ""Yoji"" Harada is a Japanese tattoo artist and musician who gained fame from his appearances in the TLC reality show Miami Ink .
Lubuk Basung is a town or Sub-district in Agam Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Agam Regency .
GameCrush is a website where gamers meet, match and play a variety of video games including console, flash-based casual, and PC based .
Not to be confused with rock singer Steve MillerSteven Robert Millar , as well as Ben Harper .
Wessex Trains was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by National Express that operated the Wessex Trains franchise from October 2001 until March 2006, when the franchise was merged with the Great Western and Thames Valley franchises to form the Greater Western franchise .
Tell Halaf is an archaeological site in the Al Hasakah governorate of northeastern Syria, near the Turkish border, just opposite Ceylanpınar .
Gestalten is a publisher and creative agency mostly known for their 450 books on art, architecture, design, photography and typography .
The Northern March or North March and was part of the territorial organisation of areas conquered from the Wends .
Stone Mountain is a quartz monzonite dome monadnock and the site of Stone Mountain Park in Stone Mountain, Georgia, United States .
Agallah , born Angel Aguilar, February 17, 1974, is an American rapper who was a member of the The Diplomats-affiliated group Purple City and the group Propain campaign .
Rundu is the capital of the Kavango-East Region, northern Namibia, on the border with Angola on the banks of the Kavango River about 1000 m above sea level .
Chang Chen-yue, also known as A-Yue，and by his Amis name Ayal Komod , directed by Wan Jen, was shown at the Venice Film Festival .
Plug Power designs and manufactures fuel cell systems that replace conventional batteries in equipment powered by electricity .
The Tuvan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic , or the Tuvan ASSR, was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union .
Bobbie Jean Brown , sometimes credited as Bobbie Brown-Lane, is an American actress, model and former beauty pageant contestant .
The Donation of Sutri was an agreement reached at Sutri by Liutprand, King of the Lombards and Pope Gregory II in 728 .
Belmopan inland from the former capital, the port of Belize City, after that city's near destruction by Hurricane Hattie in 1961 .
Golder Associates is an employee-owned, global company providing consulting, design, and construction services in earth, environment, and related areas of energy .
Jackrabbit Design is a Boston-based, strategic graphic design firm which was founded in 1999 by business partners, David Belyea and Sharon Mulcahy .
Founded in 1946, Magnetic AutoControl became a well established and leading international provider for vehicle access control and pedestrian access control products for high profile locations around the world .
Assab or Aseb is a port city in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea .
Lite Shipping Corporation, Danilo Lines, Sunline Shipping is a shipping line based in Cebu City, Philippines .
For cycle, motor-cycle, motor-car, aeroplane and airship companies associated with French industrialist Adolphe Clément-Bayard - see Clement rear-mounted engine with automatic inlet valve and hot-tube ignition, driving through a constant-mesh gear-train, and final drive by side chains and early models had no reverse gear .
Tania Maria is a Brazilian artist, singer, composer, bandleader and piano player, singing mostly in Portuguese or English .
Akira Iida is a Japanese racing driver in the Super GT series, since 2002 affiliated with Toyota and Lexus .
Iron Road Railways Incorporated was a railroad holding company which owned several short line railroads in the U .
Fairtrade Canada, formerly TransFair Canada, is a national non-profit certification and public education organization promoting Fairtrade certified products in Canada to improve the livelihood of developing world farmers and workers .
Shapur is a town in Vanthali taluk in Junagadh district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Busabout Wagga Wagga is an Australian private bus company formed in 1916 as Fearnes Coaches, with depots in Wagga Wagga and Harden, New South Wales .
Bit-Phalanx is a Netlabel based in London, which started as an artists and events management for unsigned performing and recording artists within the Electronic music genre in 2006 .
Ibagué , National Pageant Folklore festivities, its countless monuments referring to music, and culture, Ibagué officially earned the title ""Musical Capital of Colombia"" .
The United Colonies of New England, commonly known as the New England Confederation, was a short-lived military alliance of the English colonies of Massachusetts Bay, Plymouth, Connecticut, and New Haven .
Xfinity Live! Philadelphia is a dining and entertainment complex located on the former site of the Spectrum in the South Philadelphia Sports Complex .
Nancy Lam is a celebrity chef famous for her Oriental food and television appearances .
The Great Lakes region of North America is a bi-national, Canadian-American region that includes the eight U .
Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and is located on the Congo River .
Korea Electric Power Corporation, better known as KEPCO, is the largest electric utility in South Korea,responsible for the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity and the development of electric power projects including those in nuclear power, wind power and coal .
Bruce Crump was the original drummer with the rock band Molly Hatchet from 1976-1983 and 1984-1991 .
Kenneth ""Ken"" Kalczynski or Ken Kal is an American sports announcer and reporter for WXYT AM 1270 in Detroit, as well as the radio play-by-play commentator for the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL for the past 16 seasons .
Anthony James ""Tony"" Lucca of the American reality television singing competition talent show, The Voice, broadcast on NBC .
Pedernales is the southernmost province of the Dominican Republic, including the offshore island of Isla Beata .
Herman Ngoudjo is a Cameroonian-Canadian Professional boxer and former Olympic boxer, losing his opening round match against Talaybek Kadyraliev in the 54kg weight class at 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ben Foster is a Bafta award-winning British composer, best known for his work on the BBC series Torchwood, and as orchestrator for Murray Gold on Doctor Who, and for Marc Streitenfeld on Prometheus and The Grey .
Jaime Andrés Valdés Zapata is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera División club Colo-Colo .
Minati Sen - Member, Committee on Empowerment of Women- Member, Committee on Water Resources- Member, Cosultative Committee on Social Justice and Empowerment16 August 2006 onwardsMember, Committee on Empowerment of Women16 August 2006 onwardsMember, Committee on Empowerment of Women Social And Cultural Activities : Since college days, actively participated in various cultural activities, such as theatre, debate and other co-curricular activities; organised blood donation camps, rehabilitation programmes and rendered all kinds of support to the socially and economically deprived women through ""Ganatantrik Mahila Samiti"" .
Michael Wagener is a music producer, mixer, and engineer from Hamburg, Germany, best known for his work with many top hard rock and heavy metal bands in the late 1980s .
Venezuela per capita GDP fell to the same level as 1963, down a third from its 1978 peak .
Den norske Eterfabrikk is a pharmaceutical/chemical company developing, manufacturing and marketing prescription drugs, OTC, cosmetics and chemicals .
Tele-Ressources Staffing Services Ltd is an employment agency established by Johanne Berry in 1985 and headquartered in Montreal, Quebec .
Cook Out is a fast food privately owned restaurant chain in Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia .
Kisaran is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Asahan Regency .
The State of Burma was created in 1943 during the Japanese occupation of Burma .
Xinjiang , but its other international borders are with Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India .
VyStar Credit Union, based in Jacksonville, FL, is one of the largest credit unions in the nation, serving more than 464,000 members worldwide .
The Lanfang Republic in 1777, until it was ended by Dutch occupation in 1884 .
Brian Sherratt OBE JP FIMgt FRSA is a political science researcher with a particular interest in Whitehall bureaucracy and the role of the permanent secretary .
The Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, in the former Soviet Union, and was originally a part of the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic .
Tommy Naughton is the former manager of the Dublin Senior Hurling team and the former Under 21 hurling manager for Dublin .
TelVue Corporation is a digital media company that develops broadcast solutions for multiple platforms including television, over-the-top content, Internet streaming, and mobile devices .
Afriland First Bank is a full-service bank in Cameroon, with subsidiaries in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea, Liberia, South Sudan, São Tomé and Príncipe and Zambia .
Standby Records is an independent rock/metal label originally from Cleveland, Ohio, that has propelled the careers of several notable artists including Emarosa, Before Their Eyes, and most recently Black Veil Brides .
Blue Jacket or Weyapiersenwah was a war chief of the Shawnee people, known for his militant defense of Shawnee lands in the Ohio Country .
Miss Selfridge is a nationwide UK high street store which began as the young fashion section of Selfridges department store in London in 1966 .
The so-called Tiberina Republic was a revolutionary municipality proclaimed on 4 February 1798, when republicans took power in the city of Perugia .
Poulan is a brand name of the Swedish manufacturer Husqvarna AB, once a component of the Swedish conglomerate Electrolux .
The Treaty of Canandaigua is a treaty signed after the American Revolutionary War between the Grand Council of the Six Nations and President George Washington representing the United States of America .
Fabindia is an Indian chain store retailing garments, furnishings, fabrics and ethnic products handmade by craftspeople across rural India .
Warsaw , and possesses various universities, most notably the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Warsaw University, an opera house, theatres, museums, libraries and monuments .
Caleb Quaye , is an English Afro-European rock guitarist and studio musician best known for his work in the 1960s and 1970s with Elton John, Mick Jagger, Pete Townshend, Paul McCartney and Hall & Oates .
Intermark Automotive, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is an automotive advertising agency, and a subsidiary division of Intermark Group, Inc .
Ángel Sánchez Martín, known as simply Ángel , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a left back .
The Central Queensland Territorial Separation League was formed in Rockhampton in 1889 with the aim of agitating for separation of the Central Queensland region from the in the hands of the parent colony or state, with no avenue for referral to the British Government .
Sovana is a small town in southern Tuscany, Italy,next to Sorano, in the county of Grosseto .
The Anziku Kingdom, also called the Teke Kingdom, the Tyo Kingdom or Tio Kingdom, was a pre-colonial West Central African state of modern Republic of Congo .
The Provisional Government of Albania is the first Government of Albania created by the Assembly of Vlorë on 4 December 1912 .
WTAS LLC, founded in 2002 by 23 former public accounting firm partners, is one of the largest independent tax firms in the United States, providing a wide range of tax, valuation, financial advisory and related consulting services to individual and corporate clients across the country .
Toktumi is a telecommunications company founded in San Francisco in 2008 by Peter Sisson .
Tyler Patrick Jones is an American actor known for his recurring role as Ned Banks on the CBS television show Ghost Whisperer .
ICS Marketing Services is a marketing support company based in Lansing, Michigan serving small and large businesses by providing list strategies, lead generation, analytics, and email marketing .
The Türks or the Kök Türks and his sons, succeeded the Rouran as the main power in the region and established the Turkic Khaganate, one of several nomadic dynasties which would shape the future geolocation, culture, and dominant beliefs of Turkic peoples .
Timothy Chambers is a philosopher who has written a number of articles which have appeared in the journals Mind .
Kyknos is the oldest Greek canning company, founded in 1911 and is based in Ilia, Greece .
Shanghai Film Studio is the film division of the Shanghai Film Group Corporation in Shanghai, China .
Jackson Electric Membership Corporation is one of 39 not for profit membership-owned electric cooperatives located in the U .
Futurex LP, commonly referred to as Futurex, is a privately held Texas-based information technology company specialized in cryptography .
Triple Point Technology is an American software company dealing in multi-market commodity and enterprise risk management .
Mitsuki Koga born January 16, 1975, is a Japanese actor who is known to be featured in films that involve much martial arts .
The Republic of Zambia is a landlocked country in Southern Africa, neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Tanzania to the north-east, Malawi to the east, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana and Namibia to the south, and Angola to the west .
Cedarlane is a Canadian private corporation headquartered in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, that manufactures and distributes life science research products .
Mese is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma .
Jay Bunyan , better known by his stage name Jay Ryan, is a New Zealand actor .
Victor , 2005 Lake George Open, New York,US, 2006 category 10 Spring Invitational in Schaumburg, Illinois, US, with 7 .
After World War I, an Arab Republic, Al-Jumhuriya al-Trabulsiya الجمهورية الطرابلسية , or ""Tripolitanian Republic"", declared the independence of Tripolitania from Italian Libya .
West Germany were reconstituted along with the reunited Berlin, which ended its special status and formed an additional Land .
The Agaie Emirate was a state created by Malam Baba, a Fulani warrior who conquered the Nupe people of the area in 1822 .
SoloPower is a solar energy company developing and manufacturing Copper indium gallium selenide of its flexible CIGS solar panels, again an industry first .
Kimberly Osorio is an American Hip hop music journalist, writer, author, TV personality and media executive, who holds a Juris Doctorate from New York Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from Fordham University .
Leonard ""Lenny"" Lipton have become known as classics in the world of independent filmmaking .
Mark Chadbourn is an English fantasy, science fiction, historical fiction, and horror author with more than a dozen novels .
Jerry Schmidt is the strength and conditioning coach for the University of Oklahoma Sooners' football team .
Communications in Indonesia has a complex history due to the need to reach an extended archipelago of over 17,500 islands .
Alexandros Tziolis is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC and the Greek national team as a defensive midfielder .
Beximco Pharmaceuticals Ltd , also known as Beximco Pharma, is a pharmaceutical company in Bangladesh .
The Yemen Arab Republic , was a country from 1962 to 1990 in the northwestern part of what is now Yemen .
Interactive art is a form of art that involves the spectator in a way that allows the art to achieve its purpose .
The Duchy and later Principality of Benevento was the southernmost Lombard duchy in medieval Italy, centred on Benevento, a city central in the Mezzogiorno .
Chime Communications plc is a marketing services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom and listed on the London Stock Exchange .
Milka Duno is a Venezuelan race car driver who competed in the IndyCar Series, and competes in the ARCA Racing Series .
Boston Express is a subsidiary bus company of Concord Coach Lines that operates in New Hampshire and Boston .
April Records is a Danish record label specialized on Scandinavian electronica music: from ambient to techno and trip hop .
August Wilhelm Zumpt brought him into conflict with Theodor Mommsen in connexion with the preparation of the Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum, a scheme for which, drawn up by Mommsen, was approved in 1847 .
Paul Mausner was a French fashion designer whose ""Paul Mausner"" brand of clothing is still sold today .
Tiris al-Gharbiyya was the name for the area of Western Sahara under Mauritanian control between 1975 and 1979 .
The March of Treviso became merged with that of Treviso and the Trevisan denomination preferred .
La Rioja is one of the provinces of Argentina and is located in the west of the country .
Backstage Production is a pan-Arab artist management company based in the Middle East and controlled by CEO Khodr Alama .
Lefabian Williams named D4L with the likes of industry greats Eminem, Lil Wayne, and Timbaland as one of The 10 Major Influences on Today's Rap Sound .
Sinaloa , and includes the Islands of Palmito Verde, Palmito de la Virgen, Altamura, Santa María, Saliaca, Macapule and San Ignacio .
Mary Brown Bullock was the seventh president of Agnes Scott College in Decatur, GA from 1995 to August 1, 2006 .
Companhia Antarctica Paulista was originally a Brazilian beer brewing company producing the Antarctica beer, that later started to produce sodas such as the Guaraná Antarctica .
The Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic , also known as the Transcaucasian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, the Transcaucasian Federation, the Transcaucasian SFSR and the TSFSR, was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union that existed from 1922 to 1936 .
Peter Lik is a photographer from Australia, best known for his nature and panoramic landscape images .
Tuaiwa Hautai ""Eva"" Rickard rose to prominence as an activist for Māori land rights and for women’s rights within Māoridom .
Alena Buffon is a Czech model and actress currently living and working in Italy .
The Lordship of Berat , written in 1515 after he abandoned Albania and went to Italy, records many interesting facts about the Muzakaj family and the Principality of Berat, although at places unreliable .
Not to be confused with Ranpur StateRampur State was a 15 gun-salute princely state of British India .
Moosylvania is a fictional island and micronation located in the Lake of the Woods along the Canada – United States border that served as a plot device in The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show .
The ARY Group is a Dubai-based holding company founded by a Pakistani businessman, Haji Abdul Razzak Yaqoob .
Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group Ltd was formed in 1998 from the assets of BTR Aerospace Group when they were purchased by Doughty Hanson & Co .
Userful Corporation is a Canadian software company that specializes in desktop virtualization, supporting centrally-managed desktops, touch screens and video walls with a focus on simple, cross platform and low cost VDI solutions for education, public computing, SMBs and digital signage .
Data Explorers is a privately owned financial data and software company headquartered in London, UK with offices in New York, US, Edinburgh and Hong Kong .
The following is a list of Indian states and union territories with a significant proportion of the population in these states speaking Bengali .
The Cisrhenian Republic was a French client republic created on 28 August 1797 on the western bank of the Rhine river, under French domination .
Sedo is a domain name and website marketplace and domain parking provider based in Cambridge, Massachusetts and Cologne, Germany .
Neutral Moresnet was a small Belgian-Prussian condominium that existed from 1816 to 1920 between present-day Belgium and Germany .
Supabarn is a supermarket chain based in Canberra with shops across the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales in Australia with its head office located in Braddon, Canberra .
Willard Earl Pugh and Henry Minor Pugh and he graduated from Hamilton High School .
We Buy Any Car Limited is a used car purchaser headquartered in Middleton, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom .
Julia DeVillers is an American writer of books including How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller .
San Cristóbal is a province in the southern Dominican Republic, west of the capital Santo Domingo .
Kakata, Kak-ah-tah, is the capital city of Liberia's Margibi County and is located in Kakata District just over the Du River bridge which is its border with Todee District .
Hpakant , is a town in Hpakant Township, Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar .
Resistencia is the capital and largest city in the province of Chaco, in northeastern Argentina .
Vulgaria is a fictional European barony visited by the Potts family and Truly Scrumptious in their flying car, in the 1968 children's film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and the 2002 stage adaptation .
For other uses, see Internet identityInternet Identity, or IID, is a privately held Internet security company based in Tacoma, Washington, USA .
Solyndra was a manufacturer of cylindrical panels of copper indium gallium selenide thin-film solar cells based in Fremont, California .
HealthBridge is a not-for-profit corporation located in Cincinnati, Ohio that supports health information technology organizations or RHIOs according to the eHealth Initiative's Value and Sustainability Model and the Center for Studying Health System Change .
Imaginatik plc is a full service innovation company, providing Consulting and a software as a service platform for managing large-scale innovations at enterprise organisations .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin, Ellen DeGeneres and her production company, A Very Good Production, in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros .
Tanjung Pandan is the largest town on the island Belitung in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia .
Sinabang of the Simeulue Regency, in Aceh Province of Indonesia and has a population of approximately 20,000 .
Lower Burgundy was a historical kingdom in what is now southeastern France, so-called because it was lower down the Rhone Valley than Upper Burgundy .
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden and the most populous city in the Nordic region, with 909,976 people living in the municipality, approximately 1 .
Nepal and despite several challenges, Nepal has been making steady progress and the Government of Nepal has made a commitment to help the nation to graduate from the least developed country status by 2022 .
Lewiston is a city in north central Idaho and the county seat of Nez Perce County .
The Kushner-Locke Company is an American independent motion picture/television founded in 1983 by Donald Kushner and Peter Locke .
Ambreen Butt is a Boston based Pakistani American artist best known for her drawings, paintings, prints, and collages .
Seattle Repertory Theatre is a major regional theatre located in Seattle, Washington, at the Seattle Center .
The Great Western Railway routes, was a part of the Railway Air Services, and owned ships, docks and hotels .
In Greek mythology, Phytalus was a hero and king of Attica who gave Demeter hospitality when she was searching for her daughter, Persephone .
Dahomey was a French colony of and a part of French West Africafrom 1904 to 1958 .
Bridget Dwyer is an American professional golfer, best known for her appearance on The Big Break, the Golf Channel's reality television series .
Bunnpris is a Norwegian retail chain with 216 grocery stores in 2011 in Norway, primarily in Sør-Trøndelag, Møre og Romsdal and Oslo, but also many in Northern Norway .
The Republic of Afghanistan was the name of the first Afghan republic, created in 1973 after Mohammed Daoud Khan deposed his cousin, King Mohammad Zahir Shah, in a non-violent coup .
Shaanxi Yanchang Petroleum Group is a Chinese conglomerate mainly engaged in the exploration, production, transportation, and sale of petroleum and natural gas, and in addition the production and sales of petrochemical products .
Wescorp Energy is a Canadian company which provides technology for separating water from oil which it claims is significantly more effective than previous technologies .
Brandi Love is an American adult model and pornographic actress, as well as the co-owner and Chief Financial Officer of No Rivals Media, a multimedia adult-entertainment company .
Ludia is a Canadian video game developer and publisher based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that specializes in games based on board games and game shows for Facebook, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Android, Nintendo DS, PC, Mac, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii .
Gaysorn Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located on the Ratchaprasong shopping district, in Bangkok, Thailand .
YObykes or YO Bykes are a range of Electric Scooters, manufactured by the Automotive Division of Electrotherm Limited in India .
Brittany Binger is an American model and television personality who was Playboy's Playmate of the Month for June 2007 .
Adify provides a number of online advertising-related products and services to website owners, ad network operators, advertisers and agencies .
Jagoldai in today Kursk Oblast and Belgorod Oblast of Russia as well as the Sloboda Ukraine, vassal of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 15th-16th century .
Trailways of New York, operating under four brands including Adirondack Trailways, Pine Hill Trailways, New York Trailways and NeOn Bus, is one of the largest privately held transportation companies based in New York State .
Taungoo is a city in the Bago Region of Myanmar, 220 km from Yangon, towards the northeastern end of the division, with mountain ranges to the east and west .
The CG Railway train ferry between the Port of Mobile at Mobile, Alabama, and the Port of Coatzacoalcos in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz .
Thai Tap Water Supply Public Company Limited , the company's subsidiary, is doing the same business in Pathum Thani province .
The Treaty of Fort Adams was signed on December 17, 1801 between the Choctaw of Choctaw land .
The march of Turin or marca Arduinica was a political entity with existed in medieval Italy from the mid tenth century .
Erik Jörgen Carl Ullenhag is a Swedish politician who has been Leader of the Liberal People's Party in the Swedish Riksdag since 3 October 2014 .
The Kingdom of Fergana describes a former state which existed probably between the 3rd century BC and 6th century AD in what is now Uzbekistan .
Lord Anthony was a brand of clothing particularly popular in the UK during the 1970s and 1980s .
Matthew Thomas Spiranovic player who plays for Western Sydney Wanderers and the Australian national team .
The Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic , commonly abbreviated as the Moldavian SSR or MSSR, was one of the fifteen republics of the Soviet Union .
The Young Scientists of Australia is a national non-profit organisation dedicated to the promotion of science in Australia to the 14- to 25-year-old demographic .
Karen Kingsbury , was based on a murder story that she covered in Los Angeles .
Olivia Sonya Cheng is a Canadian actress, broadcast journalist, and former correspondent for Entertainment Tonight Canada .
Ludmilla Radchenko is a Russian model, artist and actress, best known in Italy and Anglo-Saxon countries .
The Black Hawk War was a brief 1832 conflict between the United States and Native Americans led by Black Hawk, a Sauk leader .
Bob Crampton is a British weather presenter employed by ITV West Country and best known for forecasting the weather on ITV News in the South West regions .
Saucy Films, formerly known as WAD Productions, is an independent video production group based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee that mainly focuses on creating short films and movie parodies, but also focuses on other media, such as online comics .
Crescent Records was an American independent record label that produced jazz recordings from 1944 to 1946 .
WaterTower Theatre, formed in 1996, is the resident theatre company of the Addison Theatre Centre, Addison, Texas, in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex .
Egon is the name of a fictional country in Lionel Davidson's children's novel Under Plum Lake .
Douglas Sirk was a German film director best known for his work in Hollywood melodramas in the 1950s .
BlueBay Asset Management LLP is one of Europe’s largest managers of fixed income credit and alternative investment strategies .
Jonathan Wilson is an American musician and producer who was born in Forest City, North Carolina in 1974 .
Rondônia is a state in Brazil, located in the north-western part of the country .
Noel Van Horn is a comics artist and writer born in the United States and living in Canada .
Michigan is a state in the Great Lakes region of the Midwestern United States .
Sneaky Pete's is a Birmingham, Alabama-based chain of hot-dog restaurants founded by Pete Graphos in 1966 and sold to the present-owner Bernard D'Amico in 1986 .
About this sound Pierre Franckh is a German television actor, director and writer .
Anke Kühne née Kühn is a female field hockey player from Germany, who played for the Germany women's national field hockey team .
Andorra la Vella , it is the highest capital city in Europe and a popular ski resort .
Bryan Dean Cutler is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 100th legislative district .
Three Olives Vodka is a brand of vodka produced and distilled in the United Kingdom and imported to the United States by Proximo Spirits .
Établissements Jean-Pierre Moueix, or JP Moueix, is a Bordeaux négociant house founded byJean-Pierre Moueix in 1937, situated on the Quai du Priourat in Libourne, in the Bordeaux wine region of France .
Tower Hamlets Summer University is a British charity in the Tower Hamlets area of London which offers independent learning programs for people from 11 to 25 years of age .
DMA Distribuidora is the seventh largest supermarket chain in Brazil, both in number of stores and value of sales, and are the largest Brazilian grocery store chain without foreign participation in their capital .
Tegnestuen Vandkunsten a/s, often referred to simply as Vandkunsten, is a Danish architectural firm founded in 1970 .
Lower Aulaqi , was a state in the Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia .
Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of a large number of islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of 28,400 square kilometres saw fierce fighting between the United States and the Empire of Japan, such as in the Battle of Guadalcanal .
Strophius is also a spider genus and by her father of Pylades and Astydameia .
Inspired by traveling carnivals of the 1930s, Carnivàle Lune Bleue is a live entertainment event created in Ottawa, Canada by Executive Producer and Founder Wayne Van De Graaff .
The Canadian Institute for Health Information is an independent, not-for-profit corporation that aims to contribute to the improvement of the health of Canadians and the health care system by disseminating quality health information .
Standard Chartered Uganda, whose official name is Standard Chartered Bank Limited, but is often referred to as Stanchart Uganda, is a commercial bank in Uganda .
Emery, Bird, Thayer & Company was a department store in Downtown Kansas City that traced its history nearly to the city's origins as Westport Landing .
Bubba Hernandez and Alex Meixner were nominated in the Best Polka album category in the 50th Annual Grammy Awards for their self-titled debut album, Polka Freak Out .
Behnaz Sarafpour is a New York City-based designer who introduced a line of women's apparel bearing her name in 2001 .
The Jefferson Davis Highway was a planned transcontinental highway in the United States in the 1910s and 1920s that began in Washington, D .
The North Carolina Structured Sentencing Act was adopted and implemented in order to give the judge a specific set of standards to follow when sentencing a person .
Digga is an Australian brand of Machinery Attachments to suit Heavy equipment , Tractors and Mini Machines .
Gerad Dhidhin , also known as Gerad Abdulahi, was the founder of the Warsangali Sultanate in the late 13th century in the territory of present-day northern Somalia .
Amanita Design is an independent Czech video game developing company that was founded in 2003 by Jakub Dvorský .
Gerry McEntee was the manager of the 2008 Dublin minor football team and is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland .
The New Zealand Companies Office is a government agency that provides business registry services in relation to corporate entities, personal property and capital market securities .
JTG Daugherty Racing is a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series team owned by former advertising executive Tad Geschickter and his wife Jodi, along with current ESPN analyst Brad Daugherty .
Erin Elise Good is a beauty queen from Fairfield, Maine who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Servus Credit Union is a member-owned, community-based financial institution based in Edmonton, Alberta, and is the third largest credit union in Canada and the largest credit union in Alberta .
The Borno Emirate or Borno Sultanate is a traditional Nigerian state formed at the start of the 20th century .
The Pennsylvania Company was a major holding company, owning and operating much of the Lines West territory , another line to Chicago .
Aqueduct Press is a publisher based in Seattle, Washington, United States which publishes material which features a feminist viewpoint .
Sebastián Enrique Domínguez is an Argentine football centre back who plays for Vélez Sársfield in the Argentine Primera División .
Part of the Brake Bros of companies M&J Seafood is a fresh and frozen seafood wholesaler based in Aylesbury in the United Kingdom .
Óscar Javier González Marcos , known as simply Óscar, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Valladolid as an attacking midfielder .
The Studio Smart Agent Technologies is part of theResearch Studios Austria ForschungsgesmbH, a non-profit research organization .
Naya Waters manufactures, under the name Naya, bottled natural spring water, drawn from a spring in the Laurentian Mountains .
The Bavarian Soviet Republic, also known as the Munich Soviet Republic was as part of the German Revolution of 1918–1919, the short-lived attempt to establish a socialist state in the form of a democratic workers' council republic in the Free State of Bavaria .
Sunbus is the principal bus operator in Cairns, Queensland operating services under the QConnect scheme in Regional Queensland .
The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II asserted governmental authority over all territory of the German Reich which lay west of the Oder–Neisse line, having formally abolished the German government of Adolf Hitler .
Indaba Music is a web-based company that provides a music collaboration environment for musicians: ""a place to build a profile, promote their tunes and collaborate with other musicians"" as well as enter opportunities like remixing and songwriting contests with popular artists .
Sam Enthoven is a children's author who was born in 1974 and lives in North London .
Linda Clifford is an American R&B, disco and house music singer and actress, who scored hits from the 1970s to the 1980s, most notably ""If My Friends Could See Me Now"", ""Bridge over Troubled Water"", ""Runaway Love"" and ""Red Light"" .
Jim Calafiore is an American comic book penciller and inker, known for his work on Marvel Comics Exiles, and DC Comics' Aquaman .
Expro is an international oil and gas service company, specializing in well flow management, headquartered in Reading, United Kingdom .
Don David Guttenplan is the London correspondent for The Nation and author of The Holocaust on Trial, a book about the Irving v Penguin Books and Lipstadt libel case .
Sendra is a software application currently owned by Weatherford Petroleum Consultants, intended to analyze individual Special Core Analysis experiments .
Bentheim-Bentheim was a county in southeastern Lower Saxony, Germany, the borders of which by 1806 were the modern borders of the District of Bentheim .
Saint John de Brito was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary and martyr, often called ""the Portuguese St .
Jay Anthony Franke is an actor and voice actor, best known for voicing JC Denton and Paul Denton from the video game Deus Ex .
Organizacion Corona was founded in 1881, making it one of the oldest business entities in Colombia .
Eastman Kodak Company, commonly known as Kodak, is an American technology company focused on imaging solutions and services for businesses .
Proximus Mobility, LLC is a software-as-a-service company that has developed a proximity marketing service for retailers, malls and venues to deliver content to mobile devices via Bluetooth and Wi-Fi within 200–900 feet of the point of purchase .
Sweden has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 54 times since making its debut in 1958, being absent a total of five times, in 1956, 1957, 1964, 1970 and in 1976 .
Hogg Robinson Group is an international corporate services organisation with headquarters in the UK .
The Republic of Maryland was a small African American nation which existed from 1854 to 1857, when it was merged into what is now Liberia .
SuperTooth headquartered in Nebias, France, is a manufacturer of Bluetooth speakerphones owning its own factory and handling R&D, design, moulding, production, and packaging in-house .
Red Records is an Italian jazz record label founded in 1976 by Sergio Veschi and Alberto Alberti .
MJ Designs was an arts and crafts retail store in the Dallas/Fort Worth and Washington, D .
Sanma is a province located in the Northern part of the nation of Vanuatu, occupying the nation's largest island, Espiritu Santo, which is located approximately 2,500 km northeast of Sydney, Australia .
Pauk is a town in Pauk Township, Pakokku District, Magway Region, in northwest Burma .
Daejin Kim is a South Korean pianist, an alumnus of The Juilliard School, the first prize winner of the Cleveland Competition, and currently a professor of piano at the Korea National University of Arts and the music director of the Suwon Philharmonic Orchestra .
Alejandra Gutiérrez Oraa is a Venezuelan television anchor currently working for CNN en Español in Atlanta, Georgia .
MS Mode is a Dutch fashion retailer operating over 400 stores in the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Spain, Germany and Luxembourg, founded by Max Abram .
Rob's House Records is a small, but prolific American record label based out of Atlanta, Georgia .
The Kingdom of Prussia , which has become one of the largest cultural organisations in the world .
Yoji Biomehanika, along with aliases such as YOJI, Mutant DJ, Ozaka Oz, Bionico, Biomehanika and The Arcade Nation) is a Japanese trance/hard trance DJ .
Geneice Irene Wilcher is a beauty queen from Omaha, Nebraska who competed for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
Sierra Repertory Theatre is a regional theatre company producing dramas, musicals and comedies located in Sonora, California .
Marco's Pizza, operated by Marco's Franchising, LLC, is a restaurant chain and interstate franchise based in Toledo, Ohio that specializes in Italian-American cuisine .
Sir Edwin Alfred Grenville Manton , a collector of paintings by John Constable and his contemporaries, and a generous benefactor to the arts, the church and medicine .
MCI Systemhouse, a subsidiary of Washington, DC-based MCI Communications Corporation, was the result of the merger of Canadian company SHL Systemhouse with MCI's technical services branch .
Catharine Drew Gilpin Faust is an American historian, college administrator and the President of Harvard University .
Mordechai Avida : ""Here is the Voice of Israel! Here is the Voice of Israel!"" .
Derek Ross King, better known as Ross King is a Scottish television presenter, actor and writer, best known for being LA Correspondent for ITV Breakfast programmes Lorraine and Good Morning Britain .
Ballabhgarh from Delhi, and today lies on the National Highway 2, a major portion of historical Grand Trunk Road .
uncharted audio is a London-based record label established in 2001, specialising in a broad selection of left-field music genres with a focus on electronic music .
German Samoa was a German protectorate from 1900 to 1914, consisting of the islands of Upolu, Savai'i, Apolima and Manono, now wholly within the independent state Samoa, formerly Western Samoa .
Abaris Books is a scholarly publishing house based in Norwalk, Connecticut, which produces authoritative art reference books .
Numara Software was a software company based in Tampa, Florida which made IT service and asset management software, targeted at network management and business process managers .
DEKRA is a vehicle inspection company founded in Berlin, Germany in 1925 as Deutscher Kraftfahrzeug-Überwachungs-Verein .
Sun-Maid Growers of California is a privately owned American cooperative of raisin growers headquartered in Kingsburg, California .
Ekostrovskoye Rural Community of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1861–1866 .
Sidney James was a professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town and Hartlepool United .
Shushinsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire, and then of Ganja Governorate of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Shusha in 1840–1921 .
Cillian Sheridan is an Irish professional footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division, as a striker .
Tamara Thorne , who also writes under the nom de plume ""Chris Curry"", is an American horror writer born in Los Angeles, California .
Brian MacLaurin is a former newspaper journalist and national TV broadcaster, and one of the UK’s leading Public Relations operators, widely acknowledged as the man who introduced Sophie Rhys-Jones to Prince Edward .
Angélica Ksyvickis born on November 30, 1973 in Santo André, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian television presenter, actress and singer who goes by the mononym Angélica .
Keith Berry is a London-based musician and composer, often working in the field of minimalist and ambient music .
Corydon is a town in the far southern part of the state of Indiana in the United States .
John Tyler Bonner is an emeritus professor, now lecturer with the rank of professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Princeton University .
Cappadocia was a province of the Roman Empire in Anatolia was directly appointed by the emperor .
Jason Harrod is an American guitarist and singer who writes and performs bluegrass folk competitions, including the Chris Austin Songwriting competition in 2000 .
Travis Edmonds , where he played two seasons, winning the league's best and fairest award, the Hayward Medal, in 2006 and captaining the club in 2007 .
Leonard Warren ""Len"" Webber is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the constituency of Calgary-Foothills from 2004 to 2014, initially as a Progressive Conservative and in his last six months in office as an independent .
San Pedro de Macorís , which relates to the traditional cattle farming of the whole region .
Osklen is a Brazilian luxury brand created by Oskar Metsavaht and now owned by Alpargatas S .
Minhla is a town and seat of Minhla Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Myanmar .
Founded in Vancouver, BC in 1997, Swivel New Media is a Canadian company serving a diverse customer base across North America, from small home businesses to multi-billion dollar producers and exporters .
Robert Adrian 'Bob' Catley is a British musician, perhaps best known as the lead singer of the rock band Magnum .
Sarah Jane Cion, also known by her pen name Sally Shields, is an American jazz musician, author and pianist .
Icon Films is a British independent television production company that produces factual programmes for broadcast by networks both in the UK and US .
Adam Johnson is an American electronic musician, photographer and video artist from Minneapolis, Minnesota, currently living in Portland, Oregon .
Benin City is a city and the capital of Edo State in southern Nigeria .
The Defence Aviation Repair Agency, better known as DARA, was an executive agency of the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence, responsible for the maintenance and repair of Royal Air Force, Army and the Royal Navy's aircraft .
Ngonidzashe Kambarami, popularly known as Ngonie, is a Zimbabwean musician who has produced three albums to date, ""Ndinoimba"" .
Germany established the Reichskommissariat Ostland led by Nazi ideologist Alfred Rosenberg, but actually controlled by the Nazi official Hinrich Lohse, its appointed Reichskommissar .
Quwê – also spelled Que, Kue, Qeve, Coa, Kuê and Keveh – was a ""Neo-Hittite"" Assyrian vassal state or province at various times from the 9th century BCE to shortly after the death of Ashurbanipal around 627 BCE in the lowlands of eastern Cilicia .
Sean Michael Teague is an American voice actor and ADR script writer for Funimation and OkraTron 5000 .
SNS REAAL is a Dutch financial institution in insurance and banking which focuses on the private market and small to medium businesses and is since its nationalisation on 1 February 2013 a government-owned corporation .
Superdrug Stores PLC is a health and beauty retailer in the United Kingdom, and the second largest in the country behind Boots .
Martin Espino is a Mexican-American musician and composer of indigenous Yaqui and Tepehuano ancestry from Whittier, California .
Halma plc is a group of technology companies that makes products for hazard detection and life protection .
The Norwegian Shipping and Trade Mission was established in London in April 1940 to administer the Norwegian merchant fleet outside German-controlled areas .
BPitch Control is a German techno record label founded in 1999 in Berlin by DJ and producer Ellen Allien .
Berdichev Machine-Building Plant is a machine building enterprise in the town of Berdichev, in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine .
Eldorado Recording Studios is a recording studio in Burbank, California originally established in 1954 at the corner of Hollywood and Vine as a workshop for Johnny Otis .
Q-Free ASA OSE: QFR which is headquartered in Trondheim, Norway, develops, manufactures and sells complete solutions for road infrastructure management .
Sarah Ashley Medley is a beauty queen from North Charleston, South Carolina who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants .
Centre for Cultural Renewal‏ is a non-partisan Canadian think-tank focused on the relevance of religion within society .
WE also known as WE Fashion, is originally a Dutch fashion chain which sells clothing, shoes, bags and other accessories .
Reuss-Lobenstein was a state located in the German part of the Holy Roman Empire .
Makran was an autonomous princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India until 1947, then from 1948 a princely state of Pakistan .
Julio César ""El Pocho"" Cortés Lagos, is an Uruguayan football coach and former midfielder who participated in three World Cups with the Uruguayan national team .
Risør og Tvedestrand Bilruter is a Norwegian bus company that operates in the eastern parts of Aust-Agder on contract with the county administration of Aust-Agder .
Poe Boy Music Group is a record label and was created by Elric ""E-Class"" Prince, the label's founder and CEO, in 1999 .
Senapati fortress was built by Senapati, the grandson of Chhatrasal in 1700 AD in Kulpahar on a hill, at the western end of the city .
Interlink Computer Sciences, of Fremont, California, was a developer of hardware and software that allowed IBM mainframe computers running the MVS operating system to be connected to non-IBM networks .
Jennie Livingston is an American director best known for the 1990 documentary Paris is Burning .
Sarah X Dylan is an American Internet radio host, Internet television host, and former radio producer and talk show co-host .
Thes One, born Christopher Cesar Portugal in Torrance, California, on October 18, 1977, to an American mother and immigrant Peruvian father, is one half of hip hop duo People Under The Stairs, serving as a vocalist/MC, producer, engineer and business manager .
Khadevis Robinson is an American retired middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Madeleine Mitchell is a British violinist who has performed as a soloist and chamber musician in over forty countries in a wide repertoire .
The Taurida Soviet Socialist Republic was an unsuccessful attempt to establish a Soviet republic situated in the Crimean Peninsula independent of Soviet Russia; it did not sign the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk .
Ingenic Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company based in Beijing, Peoples Republic of China founded in 2005 .
The Baltic University Programme is a network of about 225 universities and other institutes of higher education in the Baltic Sea region .
Shannen Rossmiller, , is an American lecturer and instructor in cyber counter-intelligence forensics and a former Montana municipal court judge who has had a controversial role as a vigilante online terrorist-hunter, and who was once part of the 7Seas group .
Debra Granik , and the Grand Jury Prize for Drama in 2010 and Prix du jury at Deauville American Film Festival 2010 for her second feature, Winter's Bone .
Nádine Hoffeldt is a South African Afrikaans singer, best known for the hit song ""Kaapse Draai"" .
Bill Lann Lee is a Chinese American civil rights lawyer who served as Assistant United States Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division for the United States Department of Justice Civil Rights Division under President Bill Clinton .
Michele Bardsley is a nationally bestselling author who writes paranormal fiction for New American Library .
Water For People, founded in 1991 by the American Water Works Association , is a nonprofit international development organization, which helps people in developing countries improve their quality of life by supporting the development of locally sustainable drinking water resources, sanitation facilities and health and hygiene education programs .
Vroom & Dreesmann is a Dutch chain of department stores founded in 1887 by Willem Vroom and Anton Dreesmann .
Angus Reid Public Opinion is the public affairs practice of Vision Critical, a software development company that creates online research tools .
Michael Agerskov, 1870–1933 was a Danish spiritualist teacher and author, best known for his book, Toward the Light, which he co-authored with his wife Johanne Agerskov .
The Center for Knowledge Societies is a design and innovation consultancy headquartered in Delhi, India with offices in Bangalore, Mumbai and Patna .
Seatwave is an online ticket marketplace for buying and selling tickets to music, sporting and cultural events .
The Free State Bottleneck was a short-lived quasi-state that existed from 10 January 1919 until 25 February 1923 .
Paphlagonia In 2011 the Argentine painter and researcher Miguel Doura presented a new theory which possibly the toponym Patagonia derives from the toponym Paflagonia .
The District of Yamoussoukro and is coterminous with the department of the same name .
TV-Anytime is a set of specifications for the controlled delivery of multimedia content to a user's digital video recorder .
Mahindra Reva Electric Vehicles Private Limited, formerly known as the Reva Electric Car Company, is an Indian company based in Bangalore, involved in designing and manufacturing of compact electric vehicles .
Sun International is a resort hotel chain and casino destination from South Africa created by Sol Kerzner, probably best known for its Sun City Resort near Rustenburg in the North West Province .
Alex Guerci is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pergocrema .
Dornbracht, headquartered in Iserlohn, Germany, is an international manufacturer of premium bathroom and kitchen fixtures as well as accessories .
Ross McConnell is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Dublin and St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh .
James Cox was a starting quarterback for the Colorado Buffaloes football team in 2005 and 2006 .
Toy Kingdom is a large toy store chain owned and developed by the SM Group by Chinese-Filipino businessman, Henry Sy, Sr .
Western Mining Company Limited is a private company in northwest China engaged in the mining, smelting, and trading of alloy and metal minerals, including copper, lead, zinc, iron, manganese, gold, silver, and aluminum .
Vladimir Leonidovitch Levin is a Russian-born Jewish individual famed for his involvement in the attempt to fraudulently transfer USD 10 .
Jin state was an early Korean, Iron Age state which occupied some portion of the southern Korean peninsula during the 2nd and 3rd centuries BC, bordering the Korean kingdom Gojoseon to the north .
The Lurgan Mail is a tabloid weekly newspaper based in Lurgan, County Armagh in Northern Ireland .
Subaru Industrial Power Products is the brand name for products manufactured by the Industrial Products division of Fuji Heavy Industries in North America and Japan .
Lynn Candace Toler is an American lawyer and the arbitrator on the court series Divorce Court .
Lithuania has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest would be found the broadcaster announced that they would attempt to continue the country's participation .
The Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic , also known as the Uzbek SSR, was one of the republics of the Soviet Union .
Jessica May Comolli is a beauty queen from Montpelier, Vermont who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The Lordship of Myllendonk was an estate of the Holy Roman Empire, located in western North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany .
Moelis & Company is a global investment bank that provides financial advisory, capital raising and asset management services to corporations, institutions and governments .
Monmouthshire , is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales and a former administrative county .
Youssef Bey Boutros Karam , was a Lebanese Maronite notable who fought in the 1860 civil war and led a rebellion in 1866-1867 against the Ottoman Empire rule in Mount Lebanon .
The Caravan of Dreams was a performing arts center located in the central business district of Fort Worth, Texas during the 1980s and 1990s .
Billy Sven Forsberg is a Swedish speedway rider who represented the Belle Vue Aces in the British Elite League before his premature retirement at the end of the 2009 following injury .
Homalin or Hommalinn manufacturing unit maintained by an Infantry Battalion of the Myanmar Army .
Bob Altena is a Dutch decathlete, whose greatest achievement was a ninth place at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics .
Abici is an Italian bicycle manufacturer founded by entrepreneurs Giuseppe Marcheselli, Stefano Stelleti and Cristiano Gozzi in 2006 .
Intrepid Theatre is a not-for-profit organization in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, that produces the annual Victoria Fringe Theatre Festival, Uno Fest: Canada’s Singular Live Theatre Event, and a year-round series of international theatre presentations and premieres for local independent theatre companies .
Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam is a Holding Company comprising five Eastern India based engineering companies under its umbrella as its wholly owned subsidiary units .
Katrina May Shanks is a New Zealand politician who was a list member of parliament for the National Party from 2007 to 2014 .
Merauke is a city considered to be one of the easternmost cities in Indonesia, located in Merauke Regency, Papua province, Indonesia .
Saxe-Hildburghausen was an Ernestine duchy in the southern side of the present State of Thuringia in Germany .
Imagistic is a business technology consulting and Internet software development company located in Westlake Village, California .
The Crimean Peninsula , also known simply as Crimea on the northern coast of the Black Sea is located south of the Ukrainian region of Kherson and west of the Russian region of Kuban .
The Roman province of Africa Proconsularis was established after the Romans defeated Carthage in the Third Punic War .
The Clearing Corporation public clearing facility that will be linked to DTCC's Trade Information Warehouse .
Udalguri district is one of the 27 districts of Assam state in north-eastern India .
Mat Maitland is an English art director and visual artist who lives in London .
MyScript is a software editor, headquartered in Nantes, France, that provides online handwriting recognition-based applications and software development kits , education, automotive and mobility .
Lazica was established in this kingdom, and as in neighboring Iberia Christianity was declared as an official religion in AD 319 .
Marga Gomez is a Puerto Rican performer of numerous theater pieces: Los Big Names, A Line Around The Block, Memory Tricks, Marga Gomez is Pretty, Witty & Gay jaywalker, The Twelve Days of Cochina Marga Gomez’s Intimate Details ""Long Island Iced Latina"" ""Not Getting Any Younger""Her seventh solo performance, Los Big Names, was presented by Woolly Mammoth Theatre at the Kennedy Center in Washington DC in 2004 and opened Off Broadway at the 47th Street Theater in April 2006 receiving nominations for the Drama Desk Award and New York Outer Critics Circle Award .
Tracey Spicer is an Australian news reader and journalist, she runs media company Spicercommunications .
Spectrum Industries is a small business based in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin that designs and manufactures furniture for learning environments .
Cellius , located in Shibuya, Tokyo, is a computer game developer founded in 2007 as a venture between Sony and Bandai Namco Holdings .
Tummy Touch Records is an international record label with offices in London, UK and New York City, USA best known for releasing quirky dance and downtempo music .
Imperial Bank Limited, commonly known as Imperial Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
GTB Asset Management Limited formerly the wholly owned investment services subsidiary of Guaranty Trust Bank Plc, is licensed by the Securities & Exchange Commission Nigerian Stock Exchange to provide several capital market services, including acting as trustees to bond issuance programmes and collective investment schemes .
Jared Dwight Gaither is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent .
ConnCAN is an American state-level education advocacy group founded in January 2005 and located in New Haven, Connecticut .
Archeophone Records, LLC, based in Champaign, Illinois, specializes in preserving recordings of the acoustic era of the recording industry by remastering phonograph cylinders and gramophone records from the late 19th and early 20th centuries and releasing them on compact disc .
Grupo Famsa is a retail company engaged in the purchase and sale of household appliances, electronic products, furniture, clothing and other consumer products in Mexico and United States .
Richard Bell won the 2003 Telstra National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award .
Josephine Gail ""Jo"" Baer is an American painter, whose works are associated with minimalist art .
Kuajok, also spelled Kwajok, is a city in South Sudan, and the capital of Warrap State .
The University of Wisconsin Credit Union , online bill payment, TouchTone Teller phone service, direct deposit, and ATMs .
Sanana is an island, part of Sula Islands which is part of Maluku Islands in Indonesia .
Jennifer Lee Brunner is an American politician of the Democratic Party who served as the Ohio Secretary of State; Brunner was the first woman to serve in this capacity .
Illuminate Labs is a Swedish software company based in Gothenburg, founded in 2002 and specializing in video games lighting .
An Phú is an urban municipality and capital town of the An Phú District of An Giang Province, Vietnam .
Relay is a chain of newspaper, magazine, book, and convenience stores, mostly based in train stations and airports .
Pastor Rafael Maldonado Motta is a Venezuelan racing driver, currently competing in Formula One for Lotus F1 .
Lea Anderson MBE not on the esoteric and obscure, but on the readily available debris of media culture .
Plzeň or Pilsen west of Prague, it is the fourth most populous city in the Czech Republic .
Tiffani Faison , a once popular neighborhood space on Friday nights, until it closed in December, 2010 .
Texas Power is a retail electricity provider serving all deregulated electricity areas in Texas .
Comp Air Inc, formerly known as Aerocomp Inc, is an aircraft manufacturer based in Merritt Island, Florida, owned by Ron Lueck .
Interstudy is an educational organization that facilitates study abroad opportunities in South Africa, Botswana, Ireland, and the UK .
Malcolm Paul Mortimore , is a drummer who has played with Gentle Giant, Spike Heatley, Tom Jones, Troy Tate, Ian Dury, G .
Mascot Books is one of the fastest growing mid-sized independent book publishers in the United States and Canada .
Thomas James ""Tommy"" Ladnier but left Wooding in January 1929 to work as a free-lancer in Paris .
Kyunsu, better known as Kanmaw, is a small town in the Mergui Archipelago of southeastern Burma .
Zhongshan was a Di state created by the nomadic Xianyu tribe in China during the later Zhou Dynasty .
The Philadelphia Phillies Radio Network is a network of 21 radio stations in Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey that air Major League Baseball games of the Philadelphia Phillies .
Diane Anderson-Minshall is an American journalist and author best known for writing about lesbian, gay bisexual and transgender subjects .
The Chicago Swordplay Guild is a modern school of swordsmanship and Western martial arts, and non-profit organization based in Chicago, IL USA .
Sticky Fingers RibHouse is a restaurant chain located in the southeastern United States specializing in Memphis Style barbecue .
Kate Cary is one of the authors of the Warriors novel series, a story about wild cats, which she writes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
Koalapop is an independent clothing brand and website founded in 2007 by 'Allen J' , e-stickers, music playlists, and links to videos and other internet content .
Alex Machacek is an Austrian jazz fusion guitarist best known for his 1999 debut album Featuring Ourselves and the acclaimed follow-up Delete and Roll with the band BPM .
Kishangarh is a city and a municipality in Ajmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Barry Clifford is an underwater archaeological explorer best known for discovering the remains of the wrecked ship Whydah The Whydah was the first fully verified pirate shipwreck ever discovered – as such, artifacts from the wreck provide unique insights into the material culture of early 18th century piracy .
The Lordship of Wickrath was a Lordship of the Holy Roman Empire located in western North Rhine-Westphalia around the castle of Wickrath .
JEGS High Performance is the second largest mail order automotive performance equipment company in the United States .
Parit Malintang is a town or Sub-district in Padang Pariaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Padang Pariaman Regency .
Nakuru, is the capital of Nakuru County in Kenya and former capital of the Rift Valley Province .
Donald Michael ""Don"" Dohler was an American film director known for making low-budget science fiction and horror films as well as work in underground comix and publishing .
DDOR Novi Sad is one of the largest insurance companies in Serbia, offering auto, home, commercial and life insurance .
Arttu Ville Eemeli Lappi is a Finnish ski jumper who has competed since 2002 .
Chang'an About this sound listen , the metropolitan area including small cities in the vicinity .
On-Ramp Wireless is a systems provider for low-power wide area scalable sensor networking and location tracking .
The Schaltbau Group is a group of mechanical and electrical engineering companies specialising in transportation related products, including automatic door systems for moving vehicles, level crossing equipment, electric connectors and switchgear and safety and warning equipment .
Cutting Edge Creations is an Eagan, Minnesota-based inflatables company that sells inflatable structures, including bounce houses, slides, advertising inflatables, movie projection screens, obstacle courses, and interactive games .
KOTRA is a state-funded trade and investment promotion organization operated by the Government of South Korea .
Yordan Hristov Miliev is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Shkëndija in the First Macedonian Football League .
Byron Bekker is a South African speedway rider who rode in the British Premier League with Scunthorpe Scorpions .
Big Ape Productions was an American video game development studio whose work primarily consisted of licensed games .
The Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve was a medieval taifa kingdom or emirate, in what is now southern Portugal, that existed from 1018 to 1051 .
Graziano Pellè is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Southampton and the Italy national team .
Kaduqli south of al-Ubayyid, at the northern edge of the White Nile plain in the Nuba Mountains .
The Chief Investigator, Transport Safety and State, Territory and Commonwealth regulators and investigators, including the Australian Transport Safety Bureau .
Geneviève de Gaulle-Anthonioz , was a niece of General Charles de Gaulle, a member of the French Resistance, and the president of ATD Quart Monde .
WABCO Vehicle Control Systems is a provider of electronic braking, stability, suspension and transmission automation systems for heavy duty commercial vehicles .
Innovadex is a search engine in the chemical and life science industries that became a part of the UL family of companies in 2013 .
Lahore is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab and the second largest metropolitan area in the country .
Dave Palmer is an American session keyboardist native to Texas and living in Studio City, California .
Adam Paul Bandt is an Australian politician, former industrial lawyer and the Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens .
The Cardiff Waterbus is a water bus service operated along the River Taff in Cardiff, the capital of Wales .
Aram-Naharaim is a region that is mentioned five times in the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament .
Ryan Villopoto is a motocross and supercross champion who competed in the AMA Supercross series and the AMA Lucas Oil Motocross series .
Christopher ""Chris"" Miles is a fictional character in the British teen drama Skins, portrayed by Joe Dempsie .
Salim Kumar is an Indian film actor and mimic predominantly acting in Malayalam cinema .
Santiago de Compostela,commonly known as Santiago , is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Beijing Capital International Airport Company Limited or BCIA , and the Beijing municipal government are also involved in the feasibility studies .
An Imperial Circle comprised a regional grouping of territories of the Holy Roman Empire, primarily for the purpose of organizing a common defensive structure and of collecting the imperial taxes, but also as a means of organization within the Imperial Diet and the Imperial Chamber Court .
Nocturnes Productions is a French production company founded in 2007 by Olivier Bohler and Raphaël Millet .
Established in 2005, Burning Shore Press is a publisher of serious ""underground"" literature and is based in Long Beach, California .
Jeepster Records is a London, England-based independent record label, founded in 1995, and specialising in British indie and alternative bands, particularly Glasgow-based acts .
The Grand Duchy of Tuscany was a central Italian monarchy that existed, with interruptions, from 1569 to 1859, replacing the Duchy of Florence .
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is well known for being the director of Bo' Selecta and The Inbetweeners .
Sue Ann Downey is a former model and beauty queen from Columbus, Ohio who has held the Miss USA title and competed in the Miss Universe pageant .
Pedro Cunha was a Portuguese actor who appeared in several TV series and soap operas in Portugal, England and Spain .
Fennovoima Ltd is a Finnish nuclear power company established by a consortium of Finnish power and industrial companies .
Mary Kiani, usually spelled Märy Kiani on her records, is a Scottish singer in the early 1990s and later a solo career .
Ghost Box Music is an English independent record label, established in 2004 by Julian House and Jim Jupp .
Mediclinic International, founded in 1983, is an international private hospital group with operations in South Africa, Namibia, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, and listed on the JSE, the South African securities exchange, since 1986 .
Not to be confused with the South Yorkshire Junction RailwayThe South Yorkshire Joint Railway was a committee formed in 1903, between the Great Central Railway, the Great Northern Railway, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, the Midland Railway and the North Eastern Railway to oversee the construction of a new railway in the Doncaster area of South Yorkshire, England .
Santiago Cohen is a cartoonist, animator, fine artist and graphic novel illustrator based in Hoboken, New Jersey .
Success Corporation is a Japanese video game and online game developer and publisher, based in Shinagawa, Tokyo, and founded on June 7, 1978 .
Priority Telecom is a publicly listed Dutch telecommunications company that sells its services to businesses and governments in the Netherlands, Austria and Norway .
Padang Sidempuan is a city in North Sumatra, Indonesia, and the former capital of South Tapanuli Regency, which surrounds the city .
Sean Hargan veteran defender who played for Derry City and Crusaders, Hargan retired at the end of 2009 with Crusaders .
The South Dayi District is one of the twenty-five districts in the Volta Region .
AMREP Corporation is a real estate and media services company based in Princeton, New Jersey, in the United States, and was founded in 1961 as The American Realty and Petroleum Corporation .
Zamboanga City, officially the City of Zamboanga , is a highly urbanized city located in Mindanao, Philippines .
Erika Alcocer Luna, or simply Erika, was born on July 19, 1974 in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico .
The Mari Autonomous Oblast was created on November 4, 1920, as on region of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
John Joseph Aquilina , a former Australian politician, is a former member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Blacktown between 1981 and 1991 and the electorate of Riverstone between 1991 and 2011 for the Australian Labor Party .
Health First Europe is a non-profit, non-commercial alliance of patients, healthcare workers, academics and healthcare experts as well as the medical technology industry .
The State of Cài was an ancient Chinese state established at the beginning of the Zhou dynasty, rising to prominence during the Spring and Autumn Period, and destroyed early in the Warring States period .
EvaluNet Ltd is a South African-based developer of educational software headquartered in Cape Town .
William ""Bill"" Cranston is a former professional footballer who represented Blackpool, Preston North End and Oldham Athletic throughout his career .
In Greek mythology, the name Halaesus or Halesus may refer to:A companion of Agamemnon during the Trojan War; some state that he was an illegitimate son of Agamemnon .
Cathy Areu is an American author, journalist and frequent news analyst who has appeared on HLN's Showbiz Tonight, HLN's Prime News, CNN's Campbell Brown, CNN's AC360, Fox News O'Reilly Factor, MSNBC's Daily Countdown and RussiaToday's CrossTalk .
Blackstratblues is a solo project of Warren Mendonsa, who is a guitarist, composer and record producer .
The Nordic countries are a geographical and cultural region in Northern Europe and the North Atlantic .
George Bowman, or Bo Mun Soen sa Nim, is a Zen master and licensed psychotherapist living at Furnace Mountain in Clay City, Kentucky .
Hiroko Anzai is a Japanese actress, model and gravure idol, who has appeared in various magazines and photo albums .
Outsource Partners International division and itAccounts, a finance and accounting BPO company with an offshore F&A outsourcing facility in Bangalore, India .
On the eve of the American Civil War in 1861, a significant number of Indigenous peoples of the Americas had been relocated from the Southeastern United States to Indian Territory, west of the Mississippi .
Aker Drilling, was a Norwegian drilling rig operation company; based in Stavanger, Norway and majority owned by the Aker Group .
United Company RUSAL , SUAL, and the alumina assets of Glencore, completed in March 2007 .
Claudio Santamaria is an Italian actor best known for portraying the terrorist Carlos in Casino Royale .
Southwest Tennessee Development District, SWTDD is a planning organization, the Southwest Tennessee Development District promotes the renewal and revitalization of both rural and urban communities through betterment of an economic base for an eight county area .
The Gupta Empire was an ancient Indian empire, founded by Maharaja Sri Gupta, which existed from approximately 320 to 550 CE and covered much of the Indian Subcontinent .
LanSlide Gaming PCs is a privately owned, internet-based, gaming computer company located in Schenectady, New York .
The Taifa of Orihuela was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed probably from around 1239 to 1249 .
French India is the name commonly used to refer lived in the territory of Pondichéry .
Plantation tradition is a genre of literature based in the southern states of the USA that is heavily nostalgic for antebellum times .
David García de la Cruz is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a left back .
Deutsche Pentosin-Werke GmbH, commonly known as Pentosin, is a global independent manufacturer of lubricants and related speciality products .
Hanley Wood LLC is a real estate media firm focused on commercial and residential construction in North America .
Youngman is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles, buses and trucks located in Jinhua, Zhejiang province .
Ballarat Heritage Services, publisher, also known as BHS Publishing was formed in 1998 by Clare Gervasoni, Dr Dorothy Wickham and Wayne Phillipson .
Seton Identification Products is a supplier of safety, labeling and signage products based in Branford, Connecticut .
The Battle of Dutton's Hill Monument in Pulaski County, Kentucky, near Somerset, Kentucky, commemorates the Confederate soldiers who died at the battle of Dutton's Hill near here .
Tahlequah is a city in Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States located at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains .
Paul Rose , an armed group which was fighting what they considered the oppression of French Quebecers .
The Kingdom of Tahiti was founded by paramount chief Pōmare I, who, with the aid of English missionaries and traders, and European weaponry, unified the islands of Tahiti, Moʻorea, Tetiaroa, Mehetia and at its peak included the Tuamotus, Tubuai, Raivavae and other islands of eastern Polynesia .
OAO Konditerskiy Kontsern Babayevskiy Open Joint-Stock Company is the oldest Russian confectionery manufacturer and a member of Obyedinyonnye Konditery holding company .
Knauf USG Systems is the legal entity of a manufacturer of cement board systems under the name Aquapanel .
Medine Zaouiche , better known by his stage name Médine, is a French rapper of Algerian descent .
Swansea Life is an A4 glossy lifestyle magazine published and distributed in Swansea, Wales by South West Wales Media, a part of Northcliffe Media .
Anna Halprin helped pioneer the experimental art form known as postmodern dance and referred to herself as the breaker of modern dance .
Eva Marie Cassidy was an American vocalist and guitarist known for her interpretations of jazz, blues, folk, gospel, country, rock and pop classics .
ReNeuron is a UK-based stem cell research company, whose shares are listed on the Alternative Investment Market .
Gondal State was one of the eight first class princely states of Kathiawar Agency during Bombay Presidency .
Houegbadja or Wegbaja or Aho was a King in the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from around 1645 until 1685 .
An Châu is a township and town and capital of Sơn Động District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
Layar is a Dutch company based in Amsterdam, founded in 2009 by Raimo van der Klein, Claire Boonstra and Maarten Lens-FitzGerald .
Ludmyrna Lopez , known simply as ""Myrna,"" was a Democratic member of the City Council of the California city of Richmond .
Dirty Harry is a British rock singer, who is now based in Los Angeles, California, United States .
Cyme as being one of the cities in which the rebel Lydian governor Pactyes sought refuge, following his attempted rebellion against the Persian King Cyrus the Great:Pactyes, when he learnt that an army was already on his tracks and near, took fright and fled to Cyme, and Mazares the Mede marched to Sardis with a detachment of Cyrus' troops .
Bristol Aerojet was a joint venture between the Bristol Aeroplane Company of the United Kingdom and Aerojet General of the US begun in 1959 using the existing factory at Banwell near Weston super Mare, England .
Anglosphere refers to a set of English-speaking nations with a similar cultural heritage, based upon populations originating from the nations of the British Isles , and ABCA Armies .
The Urban Development Corporation of Trinidad and Tobago , is a state owned company of Trinidad and Tobago .
Elron Electronic Industries is a technology holding company based in Haifa Israel; since 1962 the company has been involved in setting up, funding and developing over 30 companies and is considered one of the foundation stones of the high-tech industry in Israel .
Gaumina is the largest interactive agency in the Baltics, providing services of web design, web development, online advertising, video, multimedia, mobile and viral .
Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1727 to 1776 and from 1796 to 1927 .
West Coast or Pacific Coast are the terms for westernmost coastal states of the United States, usually California, Oregon, and Washington .
California Wolf Center is a 501 3 nonprofit located 50 miles east of San Diego, near the town of Julian, California .
William James Haynes II is an American lawyer and was General Counsel of the Department of Defense during much of 43rd President George W .
Looptworks is a Portland, Oregon business that upcycles or re-purposes abandoned, pre-consumer materials into limited-edition products .
Medical Plus Pte Ltd is a medical trading company based in Singapore for imaging systems to both humans and veterinary .
Unibet Open is a series of live events in Europe including Texas Hold’em poker, a casino challenge and a live betting championship, operated by Unibet International .
The Republic of Lucca was a historic state of Italy, which lasted from 1160 to 1805 on the central Italian peninsula .
Irwin’s is Northern Ireland’s largest independent bakery and supplies a wide range of traditional Irish breads to supermarkets throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Theatre Rice is an ASUC sponsored theater group that conducts dedicated shows on the University of California, Berkeley campus regularly, performs externally throughout the San Francisco Bay area, and tours throughout California .
Haris Alexiou by Müslüm Gürses;She has lived in Athens since 1958, when she and her family moved there from Thebes .
Zygmunt ""Muniek"" Staszczyk is a Polish vocalist, founder, bandleader, and initially also bassist of T .
Kamal Nawash is a Muslim Palestinian-born American lawyer, working for the Nawash Law Office in Washington, D .
As per Government of India census data of 2001, the total number of Urdu speakers in India were 81,536,111 the percentage rises significantly to much over three quarters of India's net population .
The Red Strings were a group in the Southern United States during the American Civil War .
After a series of verbal insults and a formal challenge, Philip Minis shot and killed James Stark in Savannah's City Hotel on August 10, 1832 .
LundXY Global Ventures is an angel investment and startup catalyst headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, founded by serial entrepreneur Morten Lund in 2007 .
The Dylan Thomas Screenplay Award is an annual prize administered by the Dylan Thomas Centre in Swansea .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Micronesia:The Federated States of Micronesia – island nation located in the North Pacific Ocean, north of Papua New Guinea .
Rani Spas is a multi-channel Ayurvedic spa and retail product company founded in 1994 and headquartered in Manhattan, New York .
Jean-Claude Fournier , known simply as Fournier, is a French cartoonist best known as the comic book artist who handled Spirou et Fantasio in the years 1969-1979 .
Carlo's Bake Shop, commonly known as Carlo's Bakery and also known as Carlo's City Hall Bake Shop, is a bakery owned by Buddy Valastro .
James Shipstone & Sons was the name of a brewery based in New Basford in Nottingham, England that opened in 1852 and closed in 1991 .
FireFly Balloons is an American hot air balloon manufacturer that started as The Balloon Works , SEMCO and Piccard Balloons .
TPS Pakistan is a Pakistan based technology firm established in 1996 by two entrepreneurs Mohammed Sohail and Mobushir Rahim .
Geralyn Lucas, born 1967, is an American journalist, television producer, writer and activist for breast cancer awareness .
Ashley Shuyler is the founder of AfricAid, a nonprofit organization that supports girls’ education in Africa in order to provide young women with the opportunity to transform their own lives and the futures of their communities .
Reform of the United Nations Security Council encompasses five key issues: categories of membership, the question of the veto held by the five permanent members, regional representation, the size of an enlarged Council and its working methods, and the Security Council-General Assembly relationship .
Callcredit Information Group is a data business, a consumer marketing business and a credit reference agency .
Kent Härstedt is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election, 1998 .
East Africa Protectorate from the Indian Ocean inland to Uganda and the Great Rift Valley .
Volantis was a mobile internet software company based in Guildford, England, it is now owned by Antenna Software, inc .
Pluto, also called Pluto the Pup, is a cartoon character created in 1930 by Walt Disney Productions .
The RAD Group is a collection of independent companies that develop, manufacture and market solutions for diverse segments of the networking and telecommunications industry .
Dick Griffin features that album as well as most of the Now is the Time album .
Shirley Fong-Torres was a chef, tour operator, and popular travel and food writer based in San Francisco, California .
The Palo Alto Medical Foundation for Health Care, Research and Education is a not-for-profit health care organization with medical offices in more than 15 cities in the Bay Area .
ORGMENT is an international professional services and investment group that specialize in helping companies to ' grow, innovate and evolve ' digital businesses .
Isenburg-Kempenich was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Kempenich in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Mali , officially the Republic of Mali joined with Senegal in 1959, achieving independence in 1960 as the Mali Federation .
Robert ""Bob"" Atwater is a Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate, representing the 18th district since 2005 .
The Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in the former Soviet Union .
Waters Corporation is a publicly traded laboratory analytical instrument and software company headquartered in Milford, Massachusetts .
Metismo was a mobile middleware developer founded in August 2007 by John Chasey, Glenn Broadway, Nick Reed and Matthew Cope who previously had been employed at mobile game studio IOMO, a subsidiary of InfoSpace .
Texize Chemical Company or simply Texize, is a chemical company incorporated in the 1940s which sold industrial cleaners to textile mills, hence the name ""Texize .
Mosgortrans is a state-owned company operating bus, trolleybus and tram networks in Moscow and Moscow region .
Mohammad-Rezā Lotfi was a Persian classical musician renowned for his mastery of the Tar and Setar .
The Kingdom of Arles or Second Kingdom of Burgundy was a Frankish dominion established from lands of the early medieval Kingdom of the Burgundians in 933 by the merger of the kingdoms of Upper and Lower Burgundy under King Rudolf II .
Rengat is a town in Riau province of Indonesia and it is the capital near the town, but the conservation area is no longer well-protected .
Polyarny District on December 28-29, 1934 and by the Resolution of the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee on February 2, 1935 .
A stated income loan is a mortgage where the lender does not verify the borrower's income by looking at their pay stubs, W-2 forms, income tax returns, or other records .
Cobalt Technologies is a Mountain View start up that specializes in the creation of biobutanol using various cellulosic feedstocks .
LTB By Littlebig is a brand of denim jeans founded in 1994 and headquartered in Istanbul, Turkey .
Leandro Rinaudo is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Serie B club Virtus Entella .
German Cameroon was a West African colony of the German Empire from 1884 to 1916 in the region of today's Republic of Cameroon .
Daniel Miguel Alves Gomes , commonly known as Danny, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Russian club FC Zenit Saint Petersburg as an attacking midfielder .
TrueFACS offers medical bill advocacy services to companies and individuals who are concerned about the accuracy of their medical bills .
Frontier Communications of the Carolinas LLC is an operating company created in 2009 when some assets of Verizon South were split off and sold to Frontier Communications .
Amanda Forsyth is a Canadian cellist, and is the principal cello of the National Arts Centre Orchestra .
Nigel John Hess is a British composer, best known for his television, theatre and film soundtracks, including the theme tunes to Wycliffe, Dangerfield, Hetty Wainthropp Investigates and Ladies in Lavender .
Rapid Electronics is a UK distributor of electronic components and educational products, and supporter of science, engineering and educational initiatives, based in Colchester, Essex .
DP Information GroupDP Information Group is a Singapore credit and business information bureau formed in 1978 by private individuals .
The Ramadanids, also known as the Ramadanid dynasty, Emirate of Ramadan and Ramadanid principality , was one of the Anatolian beyliks .
Johari Abdul-Malik is a convert to Islam, and has been the Director of Outreach for the Dar Al Hijrah Islamic Center in Northern Virginia since June 2002 .
Pulau Punjung is a town or Sub-district in Dharmasraya Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Dharmasraya Regency .
Zygo Corporation is a company that specializes in optical systems & equipment for areas such as optical metrology .
Brett Chukerman , presented an instructional series for Comcast and is an entertainment correspondent for the Japanese network Super Drama .
Coffee Beanery is a Flushing -based chain of coffee shops operating in the United States, Europe, Asia, and U .
Charles Hossein Zenderoudi is a renowned Iranian painter and sculptor, known especially as a pioneer of Iranian modern art .
Maritz is a sales and marketing services company that designs and operates employee recognition and reward programs, sales channel incentive programs, , the Maritz Institute, and Maritz Travel .
Peter Kater is a German-born American composer, songwriter-singer and pianist who has several times been nominated for Grammy awards .
Cross Creek Cemetery is a cemetery located in Fayetteville, North Carolina, near a creek of that name that ""meanders for more than a mile from downtown Fayetteville to the Cape Fear River .
Ian Bowyer is a former English footballer who spent much of his career at Nottingham Forest, and was part of their European Cup victories in 1979 and 1980 .
Gavin Griffin which pushed him to the top of the all-time European Poker Tour winnings list .
The Territory of Kansas was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 30, 1854, until January 29, 1861, when the eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the state of Kansas .
Ado Ekiti is a city in southwest Nigeria, the state capital and headquarters of the Ekiti .
Catalonia Catalonia has recovered political and cultural autonomy and is now one of the most economically dynamic regions of Spain .
The Taifa of Valencia was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed, in and around Valencia, Spain during four distinct periods: from 1010 to 1065, from 1075 to 1099, from 1145 to 1147 and last from 1229 to 1238 when it was finally conquered by Aragon .
Provincia Britannia , but the legacy of the Roman Empire was felt for centuries in Britain .
The USWA Television Championship was a secondary title in the United States Wrestling Association that was primarily defended on their television show .
Northern Nigeria was a British protectorate which lasted from 1900 until 1914 and covered the northern part of what is now Nigeria .
Ipecac Recordings is an American independent record label founded in 1999 by Greg Werckman and Mike Patton .
Gallaecia or Callaecia, also known as Hispania Gallaecia, was the name of a Roman province that comprised a territory in the north-west of Hispania, approximately present-day Galicia, northern Portugal, Asturias and Leon and the later Suebic Kingdom of Gallaecia .
The city of Luxembourg , with the city having developed into a banking and administrative centre .
Dudley William Mason GC was master of the tanker SS Ohio during the Second World War .
Gwa is a town in the Rakhine State of the westernmost part of Burma .
The Arms Control Association is a United States-based national nonpartisan-membership organization founded in 1971, with the self-stated mission of promoting public understanding of and support for effective arms control policies .
According to the Roman poets Virgil was the island home of the Sirens in other versions of the myth .
Bret Anthony Johnston is an American author best known for his multi-award winning debut story collection, Corpus Christi: Stories .
Myaing is a town and seat of Myaing Township in the Magway Region of central Burma .
Sahba Motallebi is an Iranian, musician, songwriter and a tar player and also the author of two books on Persian classical music, namely ""Tolou"" and ""Nyaiesh"" .
For the American-based Afghan television channel, see Ariana AfghanistanAriana TV, officially shortened as ATN, is a private television network based in Kabul, Afghanistan, that was launched on 17 August 2005 .
Bob Deig is a Democratic member of the Indiana Senate, representing the 49th District since 2006 .
Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Ulster County, New York, USA .
Tiny Speck is a computer gaming startup founded in 2009, with personnel located in both Vancouver and San Francisco .
Rodrigues forms part of the larger territory of the Republic of Mauritius with the President as head of state and the Chief Commissioner as head of government .
Feadship is a cooperative venture between two shipyards and maritime engineering company De Voogt Naval Architects .
The Adventist Health System is a non-profit health care organization which operates facilities within the Southern and Midwestern regions of the United States .
Jan Rosenthal is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt .
The New York Knickerbockers, commonly referred to as the Knicks, are a professional basketball team based in New York City, New York .
Sekondi-Takoradi, a city comprising the twin cities of Sekondi and Takoradi, is the capital of Sekondi Takoradi Metropolitan District and the Western Region of Ghana .
iVideosongs, now owned by Songmaster Studios Education LLC, is an online music instruction service where original artists show how to play the songs they have written and performed .
Armand Baeyens was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1951 Tour de France .
The Southern California Public Power Authority is a joint powers authority, or a collective of 10 municipal utilities and one irrigation district .
Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Vohenstrauss-Parkstein was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Vohenstrauß and Parkstein in modern northeastern Bavaria, Germany .
Fjordservice AS is a defunct passenger ferry company that operated routes from Stavanger to Ryfylke in Rogaland, Norway .
Castle Leisure is a privately owned company in existence since the mid-19th century and has been based in the same Cardiff office since 1856 .
Bjarne Pedersen is an international motorcycle speedway rider who has represented Denmark in the Speedway World Cup, winning it on two occasions: in 2006 and 2008 .
Laemmle Theatres is a group of family-run arthouse movie theaters in the Los Angeles area .
Billy Chapin and Michael Chapin, another successful child performer of the 1940s and 1950s .
The Grand Duchy of Berg was established by Napoleon Bonaparte after his victory at the 1805 Battle of Austerlitz on territories between the French Empire at the Rhine river and the German Kingdom of Westphalia .
Alberto Pizango Chota is the current president of AIDESEP, the premier indigenous rights organization in Peru .
The Allen Organ Company builds classical digital and combination digital and pipe organs, as well as digital theatre organs .
Adelaide from Gawler at its northern extent to Sellicks Beach in the south .
The Kingdom of Candia , the two states fought over the possession of Crete: the Ottomans quickly overran most of the island, but failed to take Candia, which held out, aided by Venetian naval superiority and Ottoman distractions elsewhere, until 1669 .
The Kingdom of the Canary Islands was founded in 1402/1404, although it had always recognized another country as their overlord .
""Azerbaijan Railways"" Closed Joint-Stock Company are in common carrier service and does not include industrial lines .
A Blakely rifle is one of a series of rifled muzzle-loading cannon design by British army officer, Captain Theophilus Alexander Blakely .
Goodwin Steel Castings Limited is a heavy engineering firm located in Stoke on Trent, Staffordshire, England .
Robert David Stevens is a Professor of Bio-Health Informatics in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester .
Kai Owen is a Welsh actor of stage and screen, known to Welsh audiences for his numerous roles on Welsh language television and to worldwide audiences for his portrayal of Rhys Williams in Torchwood .
Namibia , officially the Republic of Namibia as the official representative of the Namibian people in 1973 .
Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP is the largest certified public accounting firm headquartered in the Southern U .
Callum MacLeod is a professional British race car driver who drove in the 2009 and 2010 European F3 Open Championship seasons, .
Locanto is a worldwide online classifieds network with areas dedicated to jobs, personals, for rent, for sale, services, community, real estate, vehicles, and pets .
Grotbags is the name of a fictional witch who was a popular fixture on British children's television during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Rolta is an Indian company for CAD, CAM, business intelligence and big data solutions, geographic information system are listed on the Main Board of the London Stock Exchange and its foreign currency convertible bonds on the Singapore Stock Exchange .
Kauaʻi Island Utility Cooperative is an electric cooperative located on the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi .
Serowe is a town in Botswana's Central District and is a trade and commerce centre .
Moss & Associates is one of the southeast USA's largest privately held general contractors providing a variety of services including design/build, general construction, construction management and preconstruction consulting for commercial, institutional and residential projects .
Joshua Swanson is an American theater actor, film actor and television actor, voice over talent and a prolific, award-winning narrator of audiobooks with over 100 titles to his name, including This Book Is Not Good for You, all three novels of The Longlight Legacy, Peeps , and Hairstyles of the Damned .
Tams-Witmark is an American company that provides to professional and amateur theaters license to Broadway musical scripts and scores .
Sukabumi is a city surrounded by the regency of the same name in the southern foothills of Mount Gede, in West Java, Indonesia, about 80 km was 321,205 .
Airbus UK is a wholly owned subsidiary of Airbus SAS which produces wings for the Airbus aircraft family .
UK Mail, formerly known as Business Post, is a private postal service company in the United Kingdom, which has competed with the Royal Mail in collection and distribution of mail since the deregulation of the postal service in January 2006 .
New Munster was an early original European name for the South Island of New Zealand, given by the Governor of New Zealand, Captain William Hobson, in honour of Munster, the Irish province in which he was born .
Tengku Djan Ley bin Tengku Mahaleel is the head of Proton Motorsports and is also a Malaysian professional drift driver who has taken part in the D1 Grand Prix racing series and others .
Sydney Youngblood is an American singer, who had several successful dance/funk hits during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Lujo Records is a United States independent record label that was founded in 2001 by Erik Aucoin who was a student at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux, Louisiana at the time .
Europa Island is a 28 km² low-lying tropical atoll in the Mozambique Channel, about a third of the way from southern Madagascar to southern Mozambique .
Belgium has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 56 times since making its debut as one of the seven countries at the first contest in 1956 .
Joseph Andrew Konrath is a fiction writer working in the mystery, thriller, and horror genres .
The Washington District of North Carolina was in a remote area west of the Appalachian Mountains, officially existing for only a short period as well .
J-W Energy Company is an Energy Services and Energy Development company, with several primary business units, that specialize in natural gas compression, gas gathering and processing, cased-hole wireline services, and exploration & production .
The NCR Corporation is a US-based computer hardware, software and electronics company that provides products and services that enable businesses to connect, interact and transact with their customers .
Great Plains Aircraft Supply Company is a United States aircraft manufacturer of experimental plans based primarily on the Volkswagen air-cooled engine .
Adam Rudolph is a jazz composer and percussionist performing in the post-bop and world fusion media, probably most notable to date for his work with Yusef Lateef .
The Joint Council of Municipalities in Croatia aligns interests of the Serb ethnic community in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja, and Western Syrmia in the Osijek-Baranja and Vukovar-Syrmia County .
The Catawba Valley Railway was a shortline railway that operated in northern South Carolina in the early part of the 20th century .
Rising Star Games is a video game publisher formed in 2004 as a joint business venture between Scandinavian distributor Bergsala and Japanese video game publisher and content developer Intergrow .
Diego Roberto Godín Leal is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid as a central defender .
Charlie Bradberry was an American NASCAR driver who ran part-time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2003 and 2004 .
Fishbowl Inventory is an Orem, Utah-based software company that develops and publishes inventory management software and related software .
Swaziland, officially the Kingdom of Swaziland and COMESA, its main trading partners are South Africa, United States, European Union, and the country's currency, the lilangeni, is pegged to the South African Rand .
The Virginia Company refers collectively to a Joint stock company chartered by James I on 10 April 1606 with the purposes of establishing settlements on the coast of North America .
The North Central Florida Chapter of NIGP is a local chapter of the National Institute of Governmental Purchasing, a membership-based non-profit organization providing support to professionals in the public sector purchasing profession .
UIQ Technology developed and licensed an open software platform to the world's leading mobile phone manufacturers and supported licensees in the drive towards developing a mass market for open mobile phones .
Judith Gould is a fictional American writer of romance novels, and is the pseudonym used by co-authors: Nicholas Peter ""Nick"" Bienes and Rhea Gallaher, who are actually both men .
Omega Protein Corporation is a producer of omega-3 fish oil and North America's largest manufacturer of protein-rich specialty fishmeal and organic fish solubles .
Jewel Shepard is an American writer, photographer and actress, best known for her roles in movies such as Party Camp .
Grupo Corripio is a private holding company which is considered among the most successful enterprises operating in the Dominican Republic, owning a controlling interest in several companies across a wide variety of sectors .
Atta-ur-Rahman , PhD, FRS, FPAS, is a Pakistani organic chemist and a leading scientist in the field of natural product chemistry, with ~947 important publications in field of Organic chemistry, including his works referenced in 135 books largely published by leading publishers in Europe and the United States .
Dick Jol is a Dutch football referee, best known for supervising three matches during the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship held in Belgium and the Netherlands .
Nevada is a state in the Western, Mountain West, and Southwestern regions of the United States .
Jørgensen AS is a Norwegian bulk transporter, and has been the largest bulk transporter in Scandinavia since the 1980s .
The Free Southern Theater was a community theatre group founded in 1963 at Tougaloo College in Madison County, Mississippi by Gilbert Moses, Doris Derby, and John O’Neal .
Owen John ""Terry"" Scott was an English actor and comedian who appeared in seven Carry On films .
Jason Swedlow is an American-born cell biologist and light microscopist who is Professor of Quantitative Cell Biology at the University of Dundee, Scotland .
Sean Elsbernd is an American politician who represented District 7 on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors .
The Kénédougou Kingdom, also referred to as the Kenedugu Kingdom, was a pre-colonial West African state established in the southern portion of present-day Mali .
Peter Benedict ""Pete"" Holmes is an American comedian, actor, voice actor, writer, producer, podcaster, television host, and cartoonist based in Los Angeles, California .
Formed in 1938, Cobb Electric Membership Corporation, more commonly known as Cobb EMC, is a non-profit electric utility company serving parts of Cobb, Cherokee, Bartow, Paulding, and small sections of Fulton counties in Georgia .
Michael Blackwood is an English professional footballer who plays for Solihull Moors, where he plays as a defender, and on occasion as a midfielder .
Miracleman, formerly known as Marvelman, is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comics published by Marvel Comics that was created in 1954 by writer-artist Mick Anglo for publisher L .
Permasteelisa Group is an Italian company working on design, project management, engineering, manufacturing, and installation of architectural envelopes and interior systems with its headquarters at Vittorio Veneto .
The Kuban People's Republic was an anti-Bolshevik state that comprised the territory of the Kuban in the modern-day Russian Federation during the Russian Civil War .
The Isle of Man , is a self-governing British Crown dependency located in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland .
The California Sustainability Alliance is an organization funded by the California IOUs to bring together key stakeholders needed to overcome the obstacles of sustainability .
Motile is a UK based independent record label, started in 2004, dedicated to the release of albums that combine improvisation, experimentation and/or other approaches to explore new musical territories .
Kevin Matthew Puts is an American composer who won a Pulitzer Prize in 2012 for his first opera .
The MIT Center for Civic Media is a research and practical center that develops and implements tools that support political action and ""the information needs of [civic] communities"" .
Quy Đạt is a township and town in Minh Hóa District, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast, Vietnam .
Brotherhood, an American television drama series created by Blake Masters, premiered on July 9, 2006 on the cable network Showtime in the United States .
Szepes was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary, called Scepusium before the late 19th century .
The Hupmobile was an automobile built from 1909 through 1940 by the Hupp Motor Company, which was located at 345 Bellevue Avenue in Detroit, Michigan .
Kaiser Motors Corporation made automobiles at Willow Run, Michigan, United States, from 1945 to 1953 .
Markovo Republic was a self-proclaimed peasant state, located in Russia, 150 kilometers outside Moscow in the Volokolamsk area .
Jimmy Cheatham was an American jazz trombonist and teacher who played with Duke Ellington, Lionel Hampton and Ornette Coleman .
Yugoslavia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 27 times, debuting in 1961 and competing every year until its last appearance in 1992, with the exceptions of 1977–1980 and 1985 .
Prince George's Community Federal Credit Union , is a credit union in Prince George's County, Maryland .
Pragoti Industries Limited is a Bangladeshi car assembling and car parts manufacturing company headquartered in Chittagong with a manufacturing plant in Agrabad .
The Japan Bank for International Cooperation , which contributes to the execution of the country's foreign policy .
Kemado Records is an American record label based in New York City founded in 2002 by Andrés Santo Domingo and Tom Clapp .
Pierre Hermé is a French pastry chef most famous for his macarons, many of which have unusual flavor combinations .
Zain Saudi Arabia is the third mobile network operating company in Saudi Arabia, operating GSM technology .
Al Jaber Aviation or AJA is a business jet airline based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates .
Essam El-Hadary is an Egyptian goalkeeper, playing for Egyptian Premier League club Ismaily and Egypt national football team .
Vassos Lyssarides is a Cypriot politician who has been a central figure in Cyprus politics since the island's independence .
The Monell Chemical Senses Center is a non-profit independent scientific institute located at the University City Science Center research campus in Philadelphia, in the U .
Benjamin Hudson McIldowie , better known by his stage name Mr Hudson, is an English recording artist, songwriter and producer from Birmingham, England .
Jesuit Communications Foundation, or JesCom, is the media arm of the Philippine Province of the Society of Jesus .
Nessa Records is an American jazz record label founded in Chicago in 1967 by producer Chuck Nessa .
Sergey Georgyevich Kara-Murza is a Soviet and Russian chemist, historian, political philosopher and sociologist .
Nexton is a Japanese software company specializing in the publishing and distribution of visual novel video games for ten game developers that Nexton is partners with .
Rajpipla is a city and a municipality in the Narmada district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Chilchota Alimentos is a cheese company founded in 1968 in Gómez Palacio, Mexico by Herrera Brothers .
The Café Leonar is a café, bar and bookstore in Hamburg, Germany, founded by Sonia Simmenauer .
Monterrey , is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of Nuevo León in the country of Mexico .
Buzzinbees is a privately owned company that develops software and sells it to telecommunication equipment and software vendors .
Ann Gloria Daniel is a beauty queen from Dade-City, Florida and she competed in the Miss Florida pageant and the Miss America pageant .
Downtown Music Publishing is a music rights management firm representing a roster of songwriters and catalogs including The Beatles, John Lennon & Yoko Ono, The Kinks, Hans Zimmer, Mötley Crüe, Seal, and Ellie Goulding, and Neon Trees .
Wood Marsh Pty Ltd Architecture is a Melbourne based Australian architectural practice founded by Roger Wood and Randal Marsh in 1983 .
The Lexington Institute is a non-profit public-policy think tank headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, that focuses on national security, education reform, and U .
Bidtopia was an ecommerce site originally launched in 2007 as a private auction site for Warehouse86 Ventures, LLC .
Kefamenanu is a town and capital of the subdistrict kecamatan of Kota Kefamenanu and the North Central Timor Regency in West Timor, Indonesia .
DreamCity Theatre Group is a Washington, DC non-profit theatre company founded in 2004 by John Muller and Justin McNeil .
Pietermaritzburg and has one of the largest populations of Indian South Africans in South Africa .
Womble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice, LLP, established in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in 1876, is one of the largest business law firms in the mid-Atlantic and Southeast regions of the United States .
Tadawale Sammat Wagholi is a small town and gram panchayat in Koregaon taluka, Satara district, in the Indian province of Maharashtra .
Monte Plata is a province of the Dominican Republic, and also the name of its capital city .
Sebahattin Işık Koşaner is a Turkish former military general who served as the 27th Chief of the General Staff from 2010 to 2011 .
Bryan Sidney Pata was an American football defensive lineman for the Miami Hurricanes and was majoring in criminology .
Fan Milk is a manufacturer and retailer of icecream and frozen dairy products which has a leading position on the West African market .
Diderik Batens , is a Belgian logician and epistemologist at the University of Ghent, known chiefly for his work on adaptive and paraconsistent logics .
The Colony of Southern Rhodesia was a self-governing British colony located south of the Zambezi and north of the Limpopo River in southern Africa that existed from 1923 to 1980 .
Ali Akbar Javanfekr is a senior Iranian politician and the presidential advisor for press affairs and as of 19 December 2010, He is the Managing-Director of IRNA since 1 November 2010 On 20 November 2011, he was sentenced to a year in prison on charges of ""publishing materials contrary to Islamic norms"", this was later uphold by the court .
Sandra Mihanovich about a self healing therapy group and other movies and TV programs .
Adam Summerfield is an English professional ice hockey goaltender, playing for the Manchester Phoenix of the EPL .
Gus' Sanitary Cafe was a Greek restaurant in Anniston, Alabama, run for many years by a Greek immigrant, Gus Nichopoulos .
Democratic Kampuchea –controlled state that, between 1975 and 1979, ruled the Southeast Asian country of Cambodia .
Blue Nile from 1991 until 1994, is one of the eighteen states of the Republic of Sudan .
The proposed State of Superior , and possibly other portions of northern Michigan, and in some proposals, some of the northern counties from the state of Wisconsin as well .
Andy Horton, an American sailor and Olympic hopeful, is best known for his accomplishments Match racing and Star sailing .
Tatua Co-operative Dairy Company, trading as Tatua, is a small independent co-operative dairy company in the Matamata-Piako District of the Waikato Region, in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Cameri Theater , established in 1944 in Tel Aviv, is one of the leading theaters in Israel, and is housed at the Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center .
West Kurdufan on the resolution of conflict in Southern Kurdufan Nuba Mountains State shall be the same boundaries of former Southern Kordofan Province when Greater Kordofan was sub-divided into two provinces .
Travis Fulton is an American mixed martial artist and a professional boxer in the heavyweight division of both sports .
Gamerang is an American subscription-based online video game rental service that specializes in providing game titles for popular gaming platforms, including handheld game consoles and other mobile devices .
Flannelgraph is a storytelling system that uses a board covered with flannel fabric, usually resting on an easel .
The Kurdish chiefdoms or principalities were several semi-independent entities which existed during the 16th to 19th centuries in a state of continuous warfare against the Ottoman Empire and Safavid Iran, at times siding with either of them .
Maptek provides 3D modelling, spatial analysis and design technology to the global mining industry with 3 products; Vulcan, I-Site and MineSuite .
Mina Assadi is a poet, author, journalist and songwriter who lives in exile in Stockholm, Sweden .
Maakhir was an autonomous region in northern Somalia, situated in an area disputed by the Somaliland and Puntland macro-regions .
Christophe Miossec is a French singer and songwriter born in Brest, Brittany, France on December 24, 1964 .
SUSPA Holding GmbH is a manufacturer of gas springs, dampers, height adjustment systems, crash management systems and safety systems for many different industries .
Brest Region or Brest Oblast or Brest Voblast is one of the regions of Belarus .
Hollywood Theater of the Ear is a non-profit production company specializing in audio theater, founded in 1993 by Yuri Rasovsky, which releases productions through Blackstone Audiobooks .
Layher is a producer and inventor of modular scaffolding systems, headquartered in the German town of Eibensbach, Güglingen .
Sergio Palleroni is an architect, professor, and fellow at the new Institute for Sustainable Solutions at Portland State University in Portland, Oregon .
Le Théâtre du Soleil is a Parisian avant-garde stage ensemble founded by Ariane Mnouchkine, Philippe Léotard and fellow students of the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq in 1964 as a collective of theatre artists .
Optima Telekom is the second-largest provider of fixed telephony services in the Republic of Croatia, which offer its customers the complete spectrum of telecommunications services .
Boodle's is a London gentlemen's club, founded in 1762, at 49–51 Pall Mall, London by Lord Shelburne, the future Marquess of Lansdowne and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Clubes City Club is the wholesale club of Mexican grocery store Soriana founded in 2002, in this same year it opened the first club in Torreón, Coahuila, in Fundadores Square, that also has a Soriana store .
Kothamangalam Subbu , South India for over three decades and was a close associate of movie mogul S .
Emma Blocksage, better known as Emma B , is an English model and TV presenter .
Saad El-Haddad , better known by his stage names Baba Saad or just Saad, is a German rapper of Lebanese heritage .
Vitalij Kuprij is a Ukrainian-American pianist, composer, music teacher, and keyboardist for Ring of Fire and Trans-Siberian Orchestra .
Robert Gerald ""Bob"" Marshall is a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 13th District, currently serving his 11th term .
Satterley Property Group is an Australian privately owned real estate land development company based in Perth .
Between 1895 and 1945, Taiwan continues to affect issues such as Taiwan Retrocession Day, national identity, ethnic identity and the Taiwan independence movement .
Fine Gold Music is a music firm based in NYC founded in 2002 by Jonathan Finegold .
Amir is a fast-food restaurant chain serving mainly Lebanese food with locations mainly in the Montreal area .
Yugoimport–SDPR is a Serbian state-owned intermediary company for the import and export of defense-related equipment, with the headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia .
Alibori is the largest and northernmost département of Benin, with an area of 26,242 km² and a population of 868,046 .
Czechoslovakia was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918, when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993 .
""Tulcan"" is also an alternative spelling of tulchanTulcán is the capital of the province of Carchi in Ecuador .
The Torwa dynasty was the ruling family of the Butua kingdom that arose from the collapse of Great Zimbabwe in the sixteenth and seventeenth century, founded perhaps by the legendary Dlembeu .
Arab Bridge Maritime Company was founded in November 1985, to connect commercial routes in Asia and Africa .
Ursula Holden-Gill is an English actress, storyteller and musician notable for her role as cancer sufferer Alice Dingle on ITV's Emmerdale .
The Kingdom of Livonia was a nominal state in what is now the territory of the present-day Estonia and Latvia, declared as such by Ivan IV during the Livonian War but never properly established .
Sokoto State is located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria, near to the confluence of the Sokoto River and the Rima River .
Carol Spackman Moss is a Democratic member of the Utah State House, representing the state's 37th house district in Holladay since 2000 .
Campus Experience is the student organisation at Macquarie University and is a wholly owned subsidiary company of the University .
Spite Your Face Productions, or SYF, is an animation production company based in London, England, consisting of animation directors Tony Mines and Tim Drage .
David Johnson is the Iowa State Senator from the 3rd District and is an assistant minority leader .
Maravi was a kingdom established by a Sotho monarchy under the Mogale that is spoken in south Africa as well as the surnames of the Nyanja people - which reflect this Sotho ancestry .
Preeti Desai and was nominated for Best Lead Actress at South Asian Rising Star Film Awards in New York City in Oct 2012 presented by SAIFF and HBO .
Esri Australia is a location intelligence solutions company, providing solutions and services based on Geographic Information Systems specialist .
Asumi Nakada is a Japanese voice actress and child model who was born in Tokyo, Japan .
The National Congress of Australia's First Peoples is the new national representative body for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians .
The Shaanxi Diesel Engine Factory of Shaanxi, China is a major producer of diesel-powered electrical generators and high-speed prime movers for large-scale marine applications and is one of China's key state enterprises for the production of such engines .
Israel Zohar is a painter born in Kazakhstan on 7 February 1945 and residing in London .
Pacer International is the former name of a major North American provider of intermodal services, now owned by XPO Logistics .
Sangū Express Electric Railway which is home to Ise Grand Shrine, the holiest Shinto shrine in Japan and a common pilgrimage destination .
The Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic , also known as the Transcaucasian Federation, was a short-lived South Caucasian state extending across what are now the modern-day countries of Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia .
The WSFA Journal is a science fiction fanzine that has been published approximately once a month since 1965 by the Washington Science Fiction Association .
Leila Bela is an Iranian-born American avant-garde musician, writer, photographer, actress, multi-instrumentalist, playwright and record producer from Austin, Texas .
Orange County’s Credit Union is a not-for-profit community-chartered credit union in California serving anyone who lives or works in Orange and Riverside Counties, and the communities of Long Beach, Signal Hill, Lakewood and Cerritos .
The Federal Dependencies of Venezuela encompass most of Venezuela's off shore islands in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Venezuela, excluding those islands which form the State of Nueva Esparta .
For the American ice hockey coach, see Jeff Pyle is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and was elected in 2004 .
Phonethics Mobile Media is an India based character creation and network marketing company that creates short form video animation content based on unique character properties .
Created in 1953 by SIMCA, a then-subsidiary of Fiat Auto Italia, “Fiat Someca” was a French agricultural tractor manufacturer .
The Metropolitan Association for Improving the Dwellings of the Industrious Classes was a Victorian-era, philanthropically-motivated Model Dwellings Company, a fore-runner of the modern housing association which sought to provide affordable housing for the working classes on a privately run basis, with a financial return for investors .
András Simonyi is the managing director of the Center for Transatlantic Relations at the Paul Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University in Washington DC .
Miriam Rivera is a Mexican transsexual woman who appeared on the reality television shows There's Something About Miriam and Big Brother Australia 2004 .
The Compagnie générale de navigation sur le lac Léman or Lake Geneva General Navigation Company is a public Swiss company operating boats on Lake Geneva connecting towns in both France and Switzerland including Geneva, Vevey, Montreux, Évian-les-Bains and Lausanne .
Michael Waddington is an American defense lawyer specializing in Court-martial cases, war crimes, and other serious felonies .
The Karamanids or Karamanid dynasty , was one of the Anatolian beyliks, centered in south-central Anatolia around the present-day Karaman Province .
Saigon Tourist as well as several hotels in cities throughout central Vietnam, including Vinh, Đồng Hới, Huế, Da Nang, Quy Nhơn, Nha Trang, Phan Rang, Mũi Né, and Da Lat .
The United Kingdom Accreditation Service is the sole national accreditation body recognised by the British government .
Invite Media is a display advertising and exchange bidding company that was acquired by DoubleClick, a subsidiary of Google Inc .
The Nordic Passport Union allows citizens of the Nordic countries: Denmark , Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Iceland to travel and reside in other Nordic countries without a passport or a residence permit .
Helen Wong , better known by her stage name Allenina, is an American adult industry performer and adult film director .
Engel & Völkers AG is a privately owned German company that, via a series of franchised offices, provides services related to real estate transactions .
Taungup or Toungup or Toungok is a principal town of the Taungup Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
Erstwhile Kerala Hitech Industries Limited and is a General Engineering Work Centre with flexibility to realize a variety of products .
Andy Sinclair-Harris is a designer director Bob Crowley on the new Disney musical Tarzan, which opened on Broadway in May 2006 and Mary Poppins, currently showing at the Prince Edward Theatre .
Colombo is the commercial capital and largest city of Sri Lanka, with a population of 4 .
Hildegard Burjan, born Hildegard Freund was the founder of a Catholic religious congregation for women and an Austrian politician .
The so-called Stary Buyan Republic was a short-lived separatist movement in the Samara gubernia of Russia during the Revolution of 1905 .
Infortrend Technology is a Taiwanese technology company specializing in SAN and NAS storage systems .
Gary Nixon was an American professional motorcycle racer who most notably won the A .
Laura Allende was a Chilean politician, a member of the lower chamber of parliament and sister of former president of Chile Salvador Allende .
Cockaigne or Cockayne is a land of plenty in medieval myth, an imaginary place of extreme luxury and ease where physical comforts and pleasures are always immediately at hand and where the harshness of medieval peasant life does not exist .
Grzegorz Tkaczyk is a Polish handball player - member of Poland national handball team, participant of 2007 World Men's Handball Championship .
The Taifa of Niebla was a taifa kingdom that existed for three distinct times: from 1023 to 1053, from 1145 to 1150 and from 1234 to 1262 .
Nordea Bank Polska was a name of bank, part of Nordea in Poland - the largest Scandinavian financial group .
The Kingdom of Upatissa Nuwara was the second administrative center in ancient Sri Lanka and Kingdom of Rajarata .
Timothy Joseph ""Tim"" Maude was a United States Army officer who was killed in the September 11 attacks of 2001 .
Adyashanti is an American spiritual teacher and writer from the San Francisco Bay Area who gives regular satsangs in the United States and also teaches abroad .
Kahlur , covering an area of 1173 km², and currently a part of Himachal Pradesh state, was one of the Princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
The Black Sea Soviet Republic was a republic of the Russian SFSR within the territory that corresponded to Black Sea Governorate in the Russian Empire .
William Coupon is an American photographer, known principally for his formal painterly backdrop portraits of tribal people, politicians and celebrities .
One Way Sport Oy isa company that produces and markets sports equipment and textiles for Cross-country skiing, nordic walking, roller skiing and other outdoor sports .
The International Association of the Congo, also known as the International Congo Society , which was part of the International African Association created for exploration of the Congo .
JTB Corporation , is the largest travel agency in Japan and one of the largest travel agencies in the world .
For people named Alan Marshall, see Alan Marshall was an Australian-born actor who co-starred with Marlene Dietrich, Irene Dunne, Greta Garbo, Ginger Rogers, and Mae West .
General Cable is a company based in Highland Heights, Kentucky, in the United States, with sales offices and manufacturing facilities in several countries, that manufactures and distributes copper, aluminum, and optical fiber cables, for energy, communications, and other industries .
The Gray was an automobile manufactured in Detroit, Michigan by the Gray Motor Corporation from 1922-26 .
Sandur State was a princely state of India during the British Raj, part of the Madras States Agency .
East Malling Research is a horticultural and agricultural research institute at East Malling, Kent in England, with a specialism in fruit production .
Mohamed 'Hamada helel"" Abdel Fatah Helal which was widely appreciated by audiences and after that he released his album ""Wahashteny"" .
Cynapse is a private web software company that was incorporated in April 2001 in Mumbai, India and later in June 2006 in Delaware, USA .
Andrey Kashechkin is a Kazakhstani road racing cyclist, who last rode for the UCI ProTour team Astana .
Rob Moir is a professor of economics and social activist from Clifton Royal, New Brunswick, Canada .
Diema Family is a Bulgarian television channel, part of Nova Broadcasting Group, owned by Modern Times Group .
Lāhainā is the largest census-designated place in West Maui, Maui County, Hawaii, United States, and the gateway to the famous Kaanapali and Kapalua beach resorts north of the community .
Chas McDevitt is a British musician, one of the leading lights of the skiffle genre which was highly influential and popular in the United Kingdom in the mid-to-late 1950s .
FidelityBank, whose full name is Fidelity Commercial Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Move with Us is a British-based property company that provides estate agency, asset management and corporate property services to estate agents, home builders, financial institutions and consumers .
Richard Bausch is an American novelist and short story writer, and Professor in the Writing Program of Wilkinson College of the Arts & Humanities at Chapman University in Orange, California .
The Marshalltown Company, based in Marshalltown, Iowa, is an American manufacturer of construction tools for various uses such as masonry, concrete, drywall, plastering, flooring, exterior insulation, and many others .
Simon Evans , is an English comedian, born in Luton and now living in Hove .
Pernod Ricard Winemakers, formerly Premium Wine Brands and Pernod Ricard Pacific, is a large Australian wine, spirits, and beverage company .
The Duchy of Bytom , formerly part of Lesser Poland until in 1177 the Polish High Duke Casimir II the Just had attached it to the Silesian Duchy of Racibórz .
Jan Fischer is a German DJ, fashion model and film producer, who came to prominence as a television presenter and adult-film actor in gay pornography in the early 2000s .
Flaxwood is a Finnish manufacturer of guitars and instrument parts based in Heinävaara, North Karelia .
Mõhu was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the central part of the territory of Estonia .
Autonomie Project is a Fair Trade, Eco-Friendly, and Vegan Fashion Company based out of Boston, MA in the United States .
Niall Quinn is an Irish motor racing driver, currently living in County Meath, Ireland .
Ijebu , a council of all free born men that acted as the kingdom's courts .
Syria was an early Roman province, annexed to the Roman Republic in 64 BC by Pompey in the Third Mithridatic War following the defeat of Armenian King Tigranes the Great .
Weda is a coastal fishing village in North Maluku, Indonesia, located on the east coast of Halmahera, the largest of all the islands group .
FareFuturo is a liberal-conservative think tank close to Future and Freedom, a political party in Italy .
The Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council is an independent council administering the tribal areas of the state of Tripura, India .
Will Morgan , he represents District 56B, which includes portions of Dakota County in the southern Twin Cities metropolitan area .
For more than 30 years, Australian Dairy Foods has been the trade magazine of the post-farmgate dairy industry in Australia .
Seiko Hashimoto is a Japanese politician who was formerly a speed skater and track cycling sprinter .
Astrid Kirchherr , and her photographs of the band's original members – John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Stuart Sutcliffe and Pete Best – during their early days in Hamburg .
Romstrade is a construction company based in Bucharest, Romania which specialises in building construction and civil engineering, infrastructure construction, and facility management .
Fox Sports Midwest is an American regional sports network serving eastern and central Missouri, central and southern Illinois, Southern Indiana, Nebraska, and Iowa that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
Sucsy, Fischer & Company is a Chicago area-based independent investment banking firm serving middle-market companies throughout the United States .
James Ida also known as ""Little Guy"" is a New York mobster and former consigliere of the Genovese crime family .
Ford of Europe AG is a subsidiary company of Ford Motor Company founded in 1967, with headquarters in Cologne, Germany .
Setcom Corporation is a top American manufacturer of communications equipment for police motorcycle officers, firefighters, rescue personnel and industrial users .
The West North Central States form one of the nine geographic divisions within the United States that are officially recognized by the U .
Marketcetera is a financial software company that has developed the Marketcetera open source trading platform, linking financial exchanges to users through broker services allowing the development of automated trading systems, essentially acting as a meta-broker itself .
Stéphane Paille is a French former professional footballer who played for the French national team as well as for various clubs sides in France, Portugal, Switzerland and Scotland .
The State of Muskogee was a proclaimed sovereign nation located in Florida, founded in 1799 and led by William Augustus Bowles, a Loyalist veteran of the American Revolutionary War who lived among the Muscogee, and envisioned uniting the American Indians of the Southeast into a single nation that could resist the expansion of the United States .
Charles Kurzman is a Professor of Sociology at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who specializes in Middle East and Islamic studies .
Designer Bride is a bridal wear company carrying the bridal lines by ready-to-wear fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, David Meister and Carmen Marc Valvo .
Bill Leslie is a journalist who anchors the morning and noon newscasts for WRAL-TV in Raleigh, North Carolina .
The Sanjak of Smederevo , to Budin Eyalet between 1541 and 1686, and to Temeșvar Eyalet between 1686 and 1688 and again between 1690 and 1716 .
Thomas Kohnstamm is an American author, and travel writer who worked previously for Lonely Planet .
Managua is the capital city of Nicaragua as well as the department and municipality by the same name .
The Helix Universal Media Server is developed by RealNetworks and originates from the very first streaming media server originally developed by Progressive Networks in 1994 .
The States of the German Confederation were those member states that from 20 June 1815 were part of the German Confederation, which lasted, with some changes in the member states, until 24 August 1866, under the presidency of the Austrian imperial House of Habsburg, which was represented by an Austrian presidential envoy to the Federal diet in Frankfurt .
Chief Oil & Gas was founded in Dallas, Texas in 1994 by President and CEO Trevor Rees-Jones .
This is a list of media serving the Omaha metropolitan area in Omaha, Nebraska and Council Bluffs, Iowa .
Yankton is a city in, and the county seat of, Yankton County, South Dakota, United States .
Guangxi , which comes from the city of Guilin, the former capital, center of much of Guangxi's culture, politics, and history, and currently the third largest city in the autonomous region .
Borsod was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day northeastern Hungary .
Urban Jungle is an artist management company, booking agency and independent record label based in São Paulo, Brazil, inspired by the local Brazilian urban music scene, it has been releasing albums and representing artists like Céu, Curumin, Chico César and Lucas Santtana worldwide .
Eldon Chase Miller is an American stock car racing driver, who competes in the NASCAR Nationwide Series .
In Greek mythology, Anaxagoras was a king of Argos and son of either Megapenthes or his son Argeus .
Kei Igawa is a Japanese left-handed starting pitcher who is currently playing for the Orix Buffaloes originally from Ōarai, Ibaraki, Japan .
By the beginning of the twentieth century the photographic industry prospered utilising new manufacturing methods building smaller, lighter and more reliable equipment, using better materials like aluminium and steel rather than wood, brass and leather .
Syria while the modern state encompasses the sites of several ancient kingdoms and empires, including the Eblan civilization of the 3rd millennium BC .
Natuzzi Natuzzi Group was founded in 1959 by Pasquale Natuzzi, current Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Group Stylist .
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari is a Pakistani politician who serves as the Chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party and presides over the party's executive committee .
Cooplands is a bakery chain with over 100 outlets located across Yorkshire, Durham and Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom .
Smart Eye AB, is a Swedish high-tech company located in Gothenburg that develops and sells products for eye tracking .
SUSS MicroTec is a supplier of equipment and process solutions for the semiconductor industry and related markets .
Extech Instruments is a full-line supplier of handheld electronic measuring equipment, other handheld measuring instruments, and portable printers .
Baotou Iron and Steel Group, Baotou Steel or Baogang Group is an iron and steel state-owned enterprise in Baotou, Inner Mongolia, China .
Jadwa Investment is a Saudi closed joint stock company operating under the supervision of the Saudi Arabian Capital Markets Authority .
Fairtrade Ireland is the Irish member of FLO International, which unites 23 Fairtrade producer and labelling initiatives across Europe, Asia, Latin America, North America, Africa, Australia and New Zealand .
Caernarfonshire , historically spelled as Caernarvonshire or Carnarvonshire in English, is one of the thirteen historic counties, a vice-county and a former administrative county of Wales .
Renée Sebastian is a Filipino-American soul-infused pop and R&B singer, songwriter, and owner of a bespoke fashion, beauty and tea company da .
Buquebus is an Argentine-Uruguayan company that operates ferry services from Buenos Aires to Montevideo, Colonia and Piriapolis .
ABC Bank , whose full name is ABC Capital Bank, is a commercial bank in Uganda .
The Vietnam Financial Review is an English language magazine published by the Vietnam Ministry of Finance .
Caffe Vita Coffee Roasting Company, commonly known as Caffe Vita, is a coffee roasting company in Seattle, Washington .
Connie Fisher is a Northern Irish-born Welsh actress and singer, who won the BBC One talent contest, How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?On 15 November 2006, she opened to excellent reviews in the part of Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music in the West End, London on a six-month contract, which was extended until 23 February 2008 .
Starhemberg is the name of an Austrian noble family originating from Upper Austria, specifically Steyr and Steinbach .
Jorh-el Aburto, better known by his stage name J Smooth, is an Hispanic-American rapper, music video director and hip hop producer from Los Angeles, California .
NeoAccel is a multinational company that sells computer network security products direct to the end-user and through OEM relationships .
Linh Dan Pham by the director Bui Thac Chuyen, which won the FIPRESCI award at the 66th Venice International Film Festival .
GE Trailer Fleet Services , and operates from a nationwide branch network in both the U .
Kurt Ebelhäuser is a German musician/producer and probably best known for his work as guitarist for the indie rock band blackmail .
Kailash Satyarthi in 1980 and has acted to protect the rights of more than 83,000 children from 144 countries .
Michael Olmert, born 1940 is a professor of English at the University of Maryland, College Park and a writer .
Samavia is a fictional state in Eastern Europe created in the novel The Lost Prince by Frances Hodgson Burnett .
The Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer team is an intercollegiate varsity sports team of Saint Louis University .
Israeli News Company of ""Globus group"" company in Neve Ilan on Jerusalem mountains, since 2000 .
The Lion Store is a defunct retailer and department store chain in the city of Toledo, Ohio .
The Kingdom of the Isles is a fictional nation on Midkemia, a world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E .
David Myers collectively known as the Hairy Bikers, are British television presenters who have fronted the series The Hairy Bikers' Cookbook, The Hairy Bikers Ride Again, The Hairy Bakers, The Hairy Bikers' Food Tour of Britain, The Hairy Bikers Mums Know Best, Hairy Bikers Meals on Wheels, Hairy Biker's Best of British, The Hairy Biker's Bakeation, Hairy Dieters: How to Love Food and Lose Weight and The Hairy Bikers' Asian Adventure for BBC Two, and The Hairy Biker's Mississippi Adventure for Good Food .
Tensor Trucks is a skateboarding truck company founded and designed by professional skateboarder, Rodney Mullen, in 2000 .
Bakata was the capital of the Ahom kingdom established by the Ahom king Suhungmung .
MediaCorp Suria is a Malay language channel from MediaCorp and broadcasting via digital cable, terrestrial, IPTV and satellite platforms .
subconscious music is a record label created by Steven Severin, co-founder of Siouxsie and the Banshees and latterly a soundtrack composer, which has released several works by him and Arban Severin .
Birgit Hein is a German film director, producer and screenwriter who has made experimental films with her husband Wilhelm Hein since the 1960s .
The Kingdom of Mysore was a kingdom of southern India, traditionally believed to have been founded in 1399 in the vicinity of the modern city of Mysore .
The Principality of Serbia was a semi-independent state in the Balkans that came into existence as a result of the Serbian Revolution which lasted between 1804 and 1817 .
The Beauvoir estate is notable as the historic post-war home was completed and opened on site .
Kage Physical Theatre is an Australian physical theatre/contemporary dance company founded in 1996 by Kate Denborough and Gerard van Dyck .
The Botanic Inn, affectionately known as ""The Bot"", is a bar/nightclub situated near Botanic Gardens in the Queen's Quarter of Belfast, Northern Ireland .
Digital cinema refers to the use of digital technology to distribute or project motion pictures as opposed to the historical use of motion picture film .
Germán Gustavo Denis is an Argentine football striker who currently plays for Serie A club Atalanta .
John Frederick Carden Michell was reckoned by The Washington Post ""the best overview yet of the authorship question .
The North Shore Railroad System in the United States includes the following short lines:Juniata Valley Railroad .
The Principality of Galilee was one of the four major seigneuries of the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem, according to 13th-century commentator John of Ibelin .
The Treaty of Fort Harmar was an agreement between the United States government and numerous Native American tribes with claims to the Northwest Territory .
Shane Claiborne is an activist and author who is a leading figure in the New Monasticism movement and one of the founding members of The Simple Way in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania .
Degrémont is a company specializing in the production of drinking water, and in the treatment of sewage and sludge .
The Funj Sultanate of Sennar after its capital, which ruled a substantial area of northeast Africa between 1504 and 1821 .
David Kuo is a stock market analyst and radio personality at The Motley Fool UK .
Azadea Group is a premier fashion and lifestyle retail company that owns and operates more than 50 leading international franchise concepts across the Middle East and North Africa .
Kgalema Petrus Motlanthe , a position he held from 2007 until 2012, when he declined to run for a second term .
In November 1755, Pasquale Paoli proclaimed Corsica a sovereign nation, the Corsican Republic, independent from the Republic of Genoa .
Marek Żuławski , which has recently been republished in its full trilogy form by the publishing house Oficyna Wydawnicza Kucharski .
RemObjects Software is an American software company founded in 2002 by Alessandro Federici and Marc Hoffman .
Midtown Comics is a New York City comic book retailer with three shops in Manhattan and an e-commerce website .
Northern Nigeria was an autonomous division within Nigeria, distinctly different from the southern part of the country, it had independent customs, foreign relations and security structures .
Strategic Name Development is a naming company co-founded in 1992 by William Lozito and Diane Prange .
Diversitech is an American company that manufactures components and products related to the heating, ventilating, air conditioning and refrigeration industry .
BMMI is a retail, distribution, and contract supply group headquartered in the Kingdom of Bahrain, with overseas offices in Qatar, Djibouti, Ghana, Gabon, Kenya, Mali, Sudan, South Sudan and Washington, D .
The Republic of Venice was a state originating from the city of Venice in Northeastern Italy .
Diatom enterprises in the Baltic is a custom software development and information technology consulting company based in Riga, Latvia .
Karl Gottlob , a work in chronology down to 476 AD, and other antiquarian studies .
The Arena Rock Recording Company is an independent record label based in Portland, Oregon, United States .
Ed Stasium is an American record producer and engineer who has worked on albums by the Ramones, Talking Heads, the Smithereens and Living Colour .
Anjum Anand is a British Indian food writer and TV chef of Indian cuisine .
Anna Melomud is a beauty queen from Richmond Heights, Ohio who competed for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
The Kingdom of Kquoja or Koya or Koya Temne, or the Temne Kingdom the Koya kingdom signed a treaty, which made it possible for the establishment of British colony on the peninsula of Sierra Leone in 1788 .
Steve Peterson is an American actor was seen as Stanley in The Body at the Matrix Theatre, King Arthur in Dennis Gersten’s The Author’s Thumb, Tranio in Taming of the Shrew at the Globe Playhouse, Aguecheek in Twelfth Night for both Shakespeare at Play and Ellen Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, and as the Ghost in Mark Ringer’s production of Hamlet .
The East Hebei Autonomous Council , also known as the East Ji Autonomous Council and the East Hopei Autonomous Anti-Communist Council, was a short-lived late-1930s Japanese puppet state in northern China .
Juan Miguel ""Migz"" Fernandez Zubiri is a Filipino politician who served as a representative representing the third district of Bukidnon for three consecutive terms, and was the Senate of the Philippines Majority Leader, replacing Senator Francis Pangilinan on November 17, 2008 .
The City of Colorado Springs is the Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of El Paso County, Colorado, United States .
GlobalScholar was an operating unit of Scantron based in Bellevue, Washington that developed, manufactures, licenses, and supports a wide range of products and services related to education .
TimoCom Soft- und Hardware GmbH, was founded 1997 in Düsseldorf, Germany and is a provider of an electronic marketplace for the transport sector .
Veinticinco de Mayo Partido is a partido located in the centre-north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Bogdan Korczowski , he has been showing his works in the USA and Europe since 1974 .
Utopia Group SA is a Luxembourgian cinema chain that owns and operates cinemas located predominantly in Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands .
Robert Raymond Davey the first Presbyterian Chaplain and Dean of Residences at Queen's University, Belfast .
The NDTV Imagine Film Company is a 1999 film company founded by Prannoy Roy who is also one of the key pupils .
Rasta Taco is a Mexican Mobile Taco Cart Catering Company, located in Dana Point, California Taco .
Bamenda, also known as Abakwa and Mankon Town, is a city in northwestern Cameroon and capital of the North West Region .
Michael van Gerwen is a Dutch professional darts player currently ranked world number one .
MonaVie manufactures and distributes products made from blended fruit and vegetable juice concentrates, powders and purées through a multi-level marketing business model .
The Sultanate of Siak Sri Indrapura, often called Sultanate of Siak declared his kingdom to have joined the Republic of Indonesia .
Matt Kelley 3 not-for-profit organization whose mission is to build “healthy communities that celebrate and empower mixed heritage people and families"" .
Khorramabad About this sound pronunciation , a relic of the Sassanid era, is now a nationally popular museum .
Yasuka Saitō is a Japanese actor, best known for the role of Masumi Inou in the 2006–2007 tokusatsu series GoGo Sentai Boukenger .
Alex Jolig , better known by his stage name Alex, is a German actor, singer and motorcycle racer .
Tel Keppe , is one of the largest historically Assyrian towns in Assyria, northern Iraq .
Aragon of Saraqustah, and as lands that once belonged to the Frankish Marca Hispanica; and counties that later formed the Kingdom of Aragon and eventually the empire or Crown of Aragon .
MC Cable is a cable television company for the Principality of Monaco and is owned by Monaco Telecom .
This chart shows the trends in the partisan composition of the various state legislatures in the United States .
CRAiLAR Technologies is a Vancouver, BC-based cleantech company focused on providing textile, composite and pulping solutions, through the processing of industrial hemp, and other bast fibers .
Bulgaria has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nine times since their debut at the 2005 contest in Kiev .
Korea Plant Service & Engineering or KPS is a South Korean public enterprise established in 1974 to provide electronic power and industrial facilities .
Spectrum Group International , formerly known as Escala, is a Fortune 500 company based in Irvine, CA, which deals in the collectibles, memorabilia, and precious metals trade .
PetroVietnam Joinstock Finance Corporation is a non-banking finance corporation, a subsidiary of Vietnam National Oil and Gas Group PetroVietnam .
The American International Automobile Dealers Association is a United States lobbying force dedicated to the economic and political interests of America's international nameplate automobile dealers .
Ibadan is the capital city of Oyo State and the third largest metropolitan area, by population, in Nigeria, after Lagos and Kano, with a population of over 3 million Ibadan is also the largest metropolitan geographical area .
Masamba is a small river town and kecamatan in the Luwu Regency of South Sulawesi, Indonesia .
Landmark Land Company is a real-estate development company specializing in the creation of golf courses and upscale communities .
StoryForge Labs produces films, web series, and an online comic series with a focus on science fiction entertainment .
Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla was a Crown Colony and later, a Dependent Territory of the United Kingdom located in the Caribbean Sea .
The Upper Aulaqi Sultanate was a state in the British Aden Protectorate and the Federation of South Arabia .
ZuluTrade is a financial services company, with its main operations based in Athens, Greece and operating in the foreign exchange market .
Elvandar is a fictional nation on Midkemia, a world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E .
Lavalys is a Canadian software development company founded in 2003, that specialized in computer diagnostics and system profiling software popular amongst computer enthusiasts .
Slovenská záručná a rozvojová banka is a specialised banking institution in Slovakia founded by the central body of state administration – the Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic .
Joseph Michael ""Joe"" Papp from the University of Pittsburgh, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa .
Molossia, also known as the self-proclaimed Republic of Molossia, is a micronation, founded by Kevin Baugh and headquartered solely from his home near Dayton, Nevada .
Frontier Works is a Japanese company specializing in the creation and distribution of media related to anime, such as producing OVAs, radio dramas, drama CDs, anime soundtracks, or other related products .
Glele or Badohou was the tenth King of Dahomey, ruling from 1858 until his death .
PrepMe is a for-profit American company that offers online courses and tutoring for standardized achievement tests, in particular those offered by the Educational Testing Service , such as the PSAT and SAT; and the ACT offered by ACT, Inc .
Balkantourist is the oldest existing Bulgarian tour operator, established on 6 January 1948 as a state-owned government monopoly in what was then the People's Republic of Bulgaria .
Serbia , is a sovereign state situated at the crossroads between Central and Southeast Europe, covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Showa Corporation is a manufacturer of high-performance automotive, motorcycle and outboard suspension systems based in Gyoda, Saitama in Japan .
Candice Marie Bergen, PC, MP is a Canadian federal politician, Minister of State for Social Development, and Member of the Canadian Parliament .
XD Group or Xi'an Electric Manufacturing Corp is a major manufacturer of transformers in China .
Hed Arzi Music , is an Israeli record label founded by Zvi Levin in 1946 .
Exanet Ltd was an Israeli software company which provided scalable network-attached storage software solutions to partners .
The Cisalpine Republic was a French client republic in Northern Italy that lasted from 1797 to 1802 .
Gemco was an American chain of membership department stores that was owned by San Leandro-based Lucky Stores, a California supermarket company which eventually became part of Albertsons .
Lavay Smith is an American singer specialising in the Blues and Jazz, from Swing to Bebop .
GO Wellington is the brand name of Wellington City Transport Ltd, the Wellington subsidiary of NZ Bus in New Zealand .
Cetemmsa is an innovation and technology centre, that specializes in carrying out applied research on Smart Materials .
Douglas Elliman is the largest residential real estate brokerage in the New York metropolitan area and the fourth largest real estate company in the United States .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Telugu as of census 2001 .
Ho is a town and the capital of Ho Municipal District and the Volta Region of Ghana .
Hannover House, is an American entertainment media distributor, specializing in the manufacture and release of pre-recorded movies and programs onto DVD and Blu-ray video devices, and the publication of literary and non-fiction books .
MISC Berhad was incorporated in 1968 as Malaysia International Shipping Corporation Berhad and is the leading international shipping line of Malaysia .
Lorimar, later known as Lorimar Television and Lorimar Distribution, was an American television production company that was later a subsidiary of Warner Bros .
Realtime Gaming is an online casino company developing download-based casino software, licensed by various operators running their own branded RTG-powered casino sites .
Mane SA is a major producer of flavours and fragrances with sales of €723 million in 2013 .
As generic terms, Indian Territory, the Indian Territories, or Indian country describe an evolving land area set aside by the United States Government for the relocation of the indigenous peoples of the Americas who held aboriginal title to their land .
The Bishopric of Lübeck was a Roman-Catholic and, later, Protestant diocese, as well as a state of the Holy Roman Empire .
Julian Watts is an English professional footballer, best known as a player for Luton Town and Australian side Northern Spirit who, after a spell of 2 and half years, was the manager of Hallam .
About this sound Harbin is the capital and largest city of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China .
The fictional Kingdom of Gwynedd is the primary setting of the Deryni series of historical fantasy novels by Katherine Kurtz .
TST Overland Express is a less than truckload carrier located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada .
The Treaty of Fort McIntosh was a treaty between the United States government and representatives of the Wyandotte, Delaware, Chippewa and Ottawa nations of Native Americans .
Portuguese Mozambique or Portuguese East Africa are the common terms by which 'Mozambique' is designated when referring to the historic period when it was a Portuguese overseas territory .
Singaraja is a town in northern Bali, Indonesia, which serves as the seat of Buleleng Regency .
The Kingdom of Tambapanni, also referred to as Kingdom of Thambapanni, was the first administrative center in ancient Sri Lanka and Kingdom of Rajarata .
Ultimate Electronics was a chain of consumer electronics stores which filed for bankruptcy twice after 2006, liquidating and ceasing operations in 2011 .
The Arizona Corporation Commission is the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Arizona, established by Article 15 of the Arizona Constitution .
In Greek mythology, Autonous and Acanthis became a thistle finch; others became birds whose Greek names are the same as their personal names were when they were humans .
Robert Irving III resumed his career as a recording artist under his own name .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Tamil at the time of the 2001 census .
Luxembourg has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 37 times since making their debut at the first contest in 1956 .
Lew Jetton is an American blues guitarist and singer, who also spent many years as a meteorologist and local television personality .
San Marino has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest five times, debuting in the 2008 contest, followed by participation in 2011, 2012 and 2013 .
Triangle Service is a small Japanese developer of shoot 'em up titles, founded by Toshiaki Fujino, a programmer of Konami Computer Entertainment Japan East and the defunct Oriental Soft Japan .
Lionel Loueke is a guitarist born in the west African country of Benin .
Prussia , which redrew the map of Europe following Napoleon's defeat, Prussia acquired a large section of north western Germany, including the coal-rich Ruhr .
coup d'etat Brooklyn is a graphically bold military-inspired clothing company and lifestyle brand based out of the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, whose brand philosophy follows the principle ""live to change something .
Roger Vincent Gyles is a former Australian judge who is currently the Independent National Security Legislation Monitor .
Windsor Light Music Theatre is an amateur theatre organization based in Windsor, Ontario, dedicated to providing ""Broadway-style"" live theatrical performances to the Windsor-Essex marketplace .
Ratnakar Ramkrushna Matkari is a Marathi writer, a movie and play producer direction of movies and plays .
Dornoch Light Railway was an historic railway in Scotland that ran from The Mound on the Sutherland Railway to the county town of Sutherland, Dornoch .
Danny Spanos is best known for his 1983 Rock and Roll EP ""Passion In The Dark"" which produced the top 40 hit single ""Hot Cherie"" and received big airplay on radio stations nationwide in the summer of 1983 .
Damian Siguenza, known by his stage name, Domino , is an American record producer, manager, DJ, and one of the members of the Oakland, California-based underground hip hop collective, Hieroglyphics .
The Republic of the Rif revolted and declared their independence from Spanish occupation as well as from the Moroccan sultan .
The Free State of Thuringia and important further stages of his career in Thuringia .
Nancy LaMott was a singer, popular on the New York City cabaret circuit in the 1990s .
The Kingdom of Kongo was an African kingdom located in west central Africa in what is now northern Angola, Cabinda, the Republic of the Congo, and the western portion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Kutacane is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Southeast Aceh Regency .
Shatha Amjad Hassoun Alshamery is an Arabic singer from both Iraqi and Moroccan ancestry, who rose to fame as the winner of the 4th season of the pan-Arab television talent show Star Academy Arab World .
Ten Four's objective is to make commercially viable films in the $8–15 million range, financing up to 25% of each budget .
Elizabeth Bienvenu McNulty is a former American beauty queen from Lafayette, Louisiana who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The Federation of Arab Emirates of the South was an organization of states within the British Aden Protectorate in what would become South Yemen .
Kars Province is a province of Turkey, located in the northeastern part of the country .
São Tomé is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe and is by far that nation's largest town .
The Kingdom of Bora Bora was established during the early 19th century with the unification of the island of Bora Bora and official recognition by France and Great Britain in 1847 through the Jarnac Convention .
The Jersey City Reporter is a weekly community newspaper serving Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey .
Greylock Partners is one of the oldest venture capital firms, founded in 1965, with committed capital of over $2 billion under management .
Bert Johnson is a Democratic member of the Michigan Senate, representing the 2nd district since 2010 .
The Territory of Washington was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 2, 1853, until November 11, 1889, when the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Washington .
Autonomous okrug , occasionally also referred to as ""autonomous district"", ""autonomous area"", and ""autonomous region"", is a type of federal subject of Russia and simultaneously an administrative division type of some federal subjects .
United Africa Feeder Line is a shipping company founded in 2000 as a regional feeder service in Africa .
Suzanne Enoch is an American author of best-selling contemporary and historical Regency romance novels .
Sugartown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States, approximately 16 miles east of DeRidder .
Kuni-kyō was built in the present-day city of Kizugawa in Kyoto Prefecture by the order of Emperor Shōmu .
Christopher King was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives who represented the 142nd District from 2007 to 2008 .
Norman Lebrecht is a British commentator on music and cultural affairs and a novelist .
Horne is a small historic county of the Holy Roman Empire in present Netherlands and Belgium .
Škoda Auto , more commonly known as Škoda, is an automobile manufacturer based in the Czech Republic .
Piya Tan Beng Sin in Singapore to be supported by donations from the Buddhist community .
Jordan William Hunter Luck, MNZM and later moved to Geraldine where he grew up .
Kibi was a kingdom of fourth century Western Japan that acted as a cultural bridge between the Yamato state and the various kingdoms of the Korean peninsula .
Catherine Anderson , is an American best-selling writer of historical and contemporary romance novels since 1988 .
San Jose is the capital of Costa Rica, head of the province of San José, and the nation's largest city .
The Eyalet of Cyprus ; and again an eyalet for the short period from 1745 to 1748 .
Ordubadsky Uyezd of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Ordubad from 1849 until 1868 .
Burmeister & Wain was a large established Danish shipyard and leading diesel engine producer headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark .
The Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia concluded that Herzeg-Bosnia was founded with the intention to secede from Bosnia and Herzegovina and unite with Croatia .
Fletcher Building Limited is the largest listed company in New Zealand, with a market capitalisation of over NZ$4 .
Hispania Balearica was a Roman province encompassing the Balearic Islands off the east coast of modern Spain .
Ari Eisinger is a guitarist and singer from Pennsylvania, most noted as a proponent of Piedmont blues guitar from the 1920s-1930s, and as a significant authority on the music of the Rev .
Goodman Games is an American game publisher, best known for the Dungeon Crawl Classics series of adventure modules, the Dragonmech and the award-winning Etherscope role-playing games .
Iberian Union is the anachronistic historical designation of the political union of the Crown of Portugal with the other Iberian crowns - through a dynastic union, under the Spanish branch of the Habsburg monarchy, after the War of the Portuguese Succession - that included all the Iberian Peninsula, the Spanish Empire and the Portuguese Empire, from 1580 to 1640 .
Robert was a financial economist and a pioneer in the field of quantitative investing .
Peter Toh , Peter publicly announced that Planes has recorded their debut album ""Mountainside"", which was released on December 30, 2010 .
John Varty is a South African wildlife filmmaker who has made more than 30 documentaries and one feature film .
Ara Gaya, also known as Ana Gaya, Asiryangguk , breaking its 120-year alliance with Baekje .
The Forum Corporation is a global learning and development firm specializing in strategy execution for companies in a broad array of industries .
Viasat Hockey is a sports channel that is broadcasting from the United Kingdom, primarily targeting Sweden but also available in Finland and Norway .
Linda Lael Miller , is a best-selling American author of more than 100 contemporary and historical romance novels .
Carmen Agra Deedy is an internationally known, award winning author of children’s literature, storyteller and radio contributor .
Phil Callaway, who has achieved notoriety for his humorous writing and speaking, was born July 26, 1961 in Three Hills, Alberta, Canada .
Andrew Johnston is a British singer who rose to fame when he appeared as a boy soprano on the second series of the British television talent show Britain's Got Talent in 2008 .
Hsi Hseng or Hsi-hseng is a town in the Shan State of eastern Burma .
The State Industrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited is a government of Uttarakhand enterprise which promotes industries and develops industrial infrastructure in the State .
John Michael Marsh is a retired American mixed martial artist who has competed for the UFC, Pride Fighting Championships and International Fight League .
Vongo was a video on demand service, owned by Liberty Media/The Weinstein Company's Starz Entertainment, parent company of the Starz network, that allowed users to download and view movies for a fixed price per month .
A family called Salviati were glass makers and mosaicists in Murano, Venice and also in London, working as the firm Salviati, Jesurum & Co .
BaneTele is a Norwegian part state owned telecommunications company previously part of the Norwegian State Railways .
Robert Oscar Lenkiewicz in 2013, where it became the first overseas exhibition of the artist’s work to date .
Favelle Favco Group is a manufacturer of construction cranes under the brands Favelle Favco and Kroll .
Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation is a state-government Public Sector Undertaking of the Government of Tamil Nadu located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Taras Mykolayovych Stepanenko is a Ukrainian footballer, who is currently playing for FC Shakhtar Donetsk .
Montferrat rises from the banks of the Tanaro into the mountains of the Apennines and the water divide between Piedmont and Liguria .
Metal Heaven is an independent record label based in Altheim, Germany, established in 2004 as a sub-label of AOR Heaven .
Adorama Camera, Inc is a camera and film equipment store established in 1979 and located in New York City .
Eli Siegel was the poet, critic, and educator who founded Aesthetic Realism, the philosophy that sees reality as the aesthetic oneness of opposites .
Tubmanburg, also known as Bomi and formerly known as Vaitown, is the capital of Bomi County in Liberia .
Gordon Stanfield Animation is an animation service company based in Vancouver, British Columbia with over 20 years of development, pre-production and production experience .
The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic , Russian, Polish, Jewish and German minorities gained seats in the parliament .
Jonathan Little is an American professional poker player who won both the World Poker Tour's Season VI Mirage Poker Showdown and Season VII Foxwoods World Poker Finals and won the WPT Season VI Player of the Year award .
Jeff Austin is a mandolinist and singer best known for being a part of the Yonder Mountain String Band .
Daei Sport's Wears & Equipments is a major Iranian manufacturer of apparel and sports equipment .
The standardized railway station was a type of station constructed primarily on branch lines for the Royal Württemberg State Railways .
Veolia Water Central was a privately owned company supplying water to Hertfordshire and parts of Surrey, North London and Bedfordshire, in England .
CCMP Capital is a private equity investment firm that focuses on leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions .
Aaron Rose is a film director, art show curator and writer who is a key part of the Beautiful Losers art movement, which has featured and helped notarize the work of artists such as Barry McGee, Margaret Kilgallen, Steven ""Espo"" Powers, Chris Johanson, Harmony Korine and Shepard Fairey .
Darren Copeland is an electroacoustic music composer born June 18, 1968 in Bramalea, Ontario, Canada, and currently living in Brampton, Ontario, Canada .
Sean Osborn is a former clarinetist of the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra and a regular substitute in the clarinet section of the Seattle Symphony Orchestra .
Nelson Muntz is a fictional character and the lead school bully from the animated TV series The Simpsons .
Krafty Kuts is an English electronic music, dance music and breakbeat producer and DJ .
Ellen Louise Hopkins is a novelist who has published several New York Times bestselling novels that are popular among the teenage and young adult audience .
The Kingdom of Luba or Luba Empire was a pre-colonial Central African state that arose in the marshy grasslands of the Upemba Depression in what is now southern Democratic Republic of Congo .
The Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena is a UK-based education and research charity, dedicated to scientifically investigate alleged paranormal and anomalous phenomena, with a view to approaching the subject in its entirety rather than looking into the psychology of individual phenomenon .
Country Cookin is a Roanoke, Virginia-based chain of casual dining restaurants established in 1981 featuring Southern cuisine with 15 locations throughout Virginia, mostly in Southwest Virginia, the Shenandoah Valley, and the U .
Austria-Hungary, also known as the Austro-Hungarian Empire and by other names, was a constitutional union of the Empire of Austria and the Kingdom of Hungary that existed from 1867 to 1918, when it collapsed as a result of defeat in World War I .
Tua Pejat is a town within North Sipora District in the Mentawai Islands Regency of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the administrative seat of Mentawai Islands Regency .
Founded by Moritz Von Oswald and Mark Ernestus of Rhythm and Sound, Basic Replay is an imprint in the Basic Channel record label family, focusing primarily on reissues of reggae albums and singles .
GTE Corporation, formerly General Telephone & Electronics Corporation as well as an interactive entertainment and video game publishing operation, GTE Interactive Media .
France Antarctique was a French colony south of the Equator, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which existed between 1555 and 1567, and had control over the coast from Rio de Janeiro to Cabo Frio .
Mantra Lingua is a UK-based publishing house, publishing award-winning multi-lingual resources for children's literacy and science .
Garrison Starr is a singer-songwriter who originally hails from Hernando, Mississippi, a suburb of Memphis, Tennessee .
Jonas Wirmola is a Swedish former football defender who is formerly worked as assistant manager for Halmstads BK and since leaving Halmstad he have become a player agent instead .
Andy Moor and has been part of Indigo, Leama & Moor, Lewis & Moor, Tilt, Whiteroom, and Zoo DJ's .
OddLot Entertainment, founded in 2001 by longtime producers Gigi Pritzker and Deborah Del Prete , is a film production and financing company based in Culver City, California .
Wood Group is a multinational oil and gas services company headquartered in Aberdeen, Scotland .
Bjørn Odmar Andersen was a Norwegian footballer who played for Ørn-Horten, Brann and Strømsgodset .
Gurdev Singh is an Indian-born musician based in London who plays the plucked string instrument sarod .
Snoopadelic Films is an American film production company, founded by rapper Snoop Dogg in 2005, and distributed through MCA .
Supreme Petrochem Ltd is India’s largest producer and exporter of polystyrene polymer based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India .
Miwa Ueda is a Japanese manga artist known for her works like Peach Girl and Angel Wars .
Kuczmarski & Associates is a Chicago based management consulting firm founded in 1983, specializing in innovation .
Konecranes Plc is a Finnish company, headquartered in Hyvinkää, which specialises in the manufacture and service of cranes and lifting equipment as well as the service of machine tools .
Morley Edward Callaghan, CC OOnt FRSC was a Canadian novelist, short story writer, playwright, TV and radio personality .
Oushadhi or Pharmaceutical Corporation Kerala Ltd is a Ayurvedic medicine manufacturing company situated in Kuttanellur, in Thrissur City of Kerala state .
Ali Elsamni , Ali is from a sporting family; his younger brother Osama Elsamni plays forward for FK Teplice of the Czech Republic, and his father Ibrahim was a player on the Egypt national football team .
Frank Glazer With his wife, Ruth, he founded in the 1970s the Saco River Festival in Maine, a summer chamber series .
Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co is an American producer of aircraft parts and services including plans for homebuilt aircraft .
Kingdom Building Ministries is an evangelical Christian, parachurch organization that partners with churches, universities, denominations and other ministry organizations to ""Challenge, equip and mobilize Christians to become Kingdom laborers"" .
Angela Malik, she opened her second site, Angela Malik’s Modern Asian Deli in Ealing .
Barton Paul Levenson is an American writer of science fiction, fantasy and the macabre .
FESCO Transportation Group is the largest intermodal transport operator in Russia, which provides its customers a wide range of services and logistical solutions, including marine shipping, rail transportation and port handling via more than 70 sales offices located around the world .
Cape Coast, or Cabo Corso, is a city and fishing port, and the capital of Cape Coast Metropolitan District and Central Region of south Ghana .
Elisabeth ""Liza"" Beresford, MBE was a British author of children's books, best known for creating the Wombles .
TVH – Group Thermote & Vanhalst is a Belgian company active in the market of forklift trucks, aerial work platforms, agricultural tractors and industrial in-plant vehicles .
Tunja is a city located on the eastern range of the Colombian Andes, in the region known as the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, 130 km northeast of Bogotá .
The Autonomist Association was a political party in Fiume, that existed continuously from 1896 to 1914 .
Reading Anthracite Company is a coal mining company based in Pottsville, Pennsylvania in the United States .
Chilpancingo de los Bravo in the south-central part of the state, situated in the Sierra Madre del Sur, on the bank of the Huacapa River .
Christopher Andrews is an actor and writer who lives in Southern California with his wife, Yvonne Isaak-Andrews .
In Greek mythology, Sidero was the second wife of Salmoneus and stepmother of Tyro .
Alexa Wilkinson is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and trumpet player with two albums to her name: 2007's Lullaby Appetite, partly co-written by Josh Kelley, and Lions, released in 2008 .
Atlassian is an Australian enterprise software company that develops products geared towards software developers and project managers .
Damien Sargue, born 26 June 1981, is a French pop singer known for his performance of Romeo in Gérard Presgurvic's Roméo et Juliette, de la Haine à l'Amour .
South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States .
Barats and Bereta is a web-based sketch comedy duo consisting of Luke Pierre Barats and Joseph Daniel Bereta .
Seven Lights is a privately held, American developer/publisher of multiplayer online games headquartered in Chicago, Illinois .
Attila Adorjany is a commercial illustrator, web designer and motiongraphics designer, creative consultant and a critically acclaimed comic book creator .
Sal Mosca was an American jazz pianist who was a student of Lennie Tristano .
Advance Paper Corporation is one of the major players in the paper industry in the Philippines .
Static Caravan Recordings is an independent record label based in the North West of England, whose artist releases include singles and albums by Darren Hayman, The Hornblower Brothers, Hannah Peel, Erland & the Carnival, Shady Bard, The Yellow Moon Band, Tunng, Peter Astor, Magnetophone, Fieldhead and Serafina Steer .
Commemorative coins in Poland are special coins minted by the Polish Mint and issued by the National Bank of Poland .
Sasini is one of Kenya's major tea and coffee producers, and is one of the country's ""Big 6"" tea producers .
Joe Zakas is a Republican member of the Indiana State Senate representing the 11th district where he has served since 1982 .
Tim's Cascade Snacks, a subsidiary of Pinnacle Foods, is a manufacturer of potato chips and popcorn .
The Siddeley-Deasy Motor Car Company Limited was a British automobile, aero engine and aircraft company based in Coventry in the early 20th century .
Ana Teresa Álvarez Páez, better known as Ana Álvarez, is a Spanish actress and a model born on 19 November 1969 in Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz .
Anton Oleksandrovych Monakhov is a Ukrainian football defender who last time played for FC Metalurh Zaporizhia in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Communicaid is a British company headquartered in the City of London which offers culture and communication skills training and consultancy, including language training, language testing, cross cultural awareness, communication skills, and international management training .
Michael Hentley was the administrator for the British overseas territory Tristan da Cunha, which is situated in the South Atlantic Ocean .
Cambodian National Insurance Company is a Cambodian private insurance company with 25% of its shares owned by the Royal Government of Cambodia .
The United Kingdom has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 57 times and is one of the most successful countries to compete in the contest .
Kim Cascone is an American composer of electronic music who is known for his releases in the ambient, industrial and electro-acoustic genre on his own record company, Silent Records .
Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation PLC , a private natural resources company headquartered in Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg .
The Ecuadorian national football team has appeared at three FIFA World Cups, the world's premier football tournament for national football teams .
Victor Corrêa is a Brazilian racing driver currently competing in the European F3 Open Championship .
The Sultanate of Nejd was a result of transformation of the Emirate of Riyadh by Abdul Aziz ibn Saud, who in 1921 declared himself Sultan over Nejd and its dependencies, as a monarchy led by the House of Saud .
Janne ""Tempest"" Suni is a Finnish demoscener, pixel artist and tracker musician, and a member of the demogroup Fairlight .
Cultura Sparebank, branded as Cultura Bank, is a Norwegian savings bank in the ethical banking movement that uses its assets on ethical investments .
Suzanne Whang is an American television host, actor, comedian, radio host, published author, minister, writer, producer, and political activist .
Ralph Dana Winter , William Carey International University, and the International Society for Frontier Missiology .
Walking Shadow Theatre Company is a Minneapolis-based professional non-profit theatre company which was founded in 2004 by John Heimbuch, Amy Rummenie and David Pisa with the following aims: to develop the talents of its artists, to nurture audience commitment to the arts, to facilitate dialogue within the community and to examine local culture in a global context .
Capella Education Company is an education services holding company which owns for-profit, online Capella University and other assets .
Portland, Oregon, United States supports a multitude of media, including long-established newspapers, television and radio stations, a number of smaller local art, culture, neighborhood and political publications, filmmaking and, most recently, Internet media development .
The Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel , known as Hesse-Cassel during its existence, was a state in the Holy Roman Empire under directly subject to the Emperor that came into existence when the Landgraviate of Hesse was divided in 1567 upon the death of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse .
CoffeeCup Software is an American computer software development company based in Atlanta, Georgia, United States founded in 1996 .
findwell is an online real estate company that provides real estate search and real estate brokerage .
The Principality of Smolensk was a Kievan Rus' lordship from the eleventh to the fifteenth century .
Music Box Films is a distributor of foreign and independent film in theatrical, DVD, and television markets in the United States .
Spirax-Sarco Engineering is a leading British-based manufacturer of boiler and pipeline control valves for steam heating and process plants .
Paul Leeman is a footballer from Northern Ireland, who currently plays for IFA Premiership side Crusaders .
Perlon is an electronic music record label founded in Frankfurt, Germany, based in Berlin, and run by Zip and Markus Nikolai .
Legendo Entertainment is a Sweden-based creator and publisher of games and entertainment properties based on myths, legends, vintage arcade games, comic books, classic novels and historical events .
JMS AG is a German company within the commercial aircraft maintenance & support industry, focusing on Jet Maintenance GSE, tooling and related services .
Nuqul Group, established in 1952, is a conglomerate of 30 companies and one of the Middle East's leading industrial groups .
Jin , was a major state during the middle part of the Zhou dynasty, based near the center of what was then China, on the lands attributed to the legendary Xia dynasty: the southern part of modern Shanxi .
Geoffrey Winzer Gilbert was an English flautist, who was a leading influence on British flute-playing, introducing a more flexible style, based on French techniques, with metal instruments replacing the traditional wood .
Volhynian Governorate was an administrative-territorial unit initially of the Russian Empire, created at the end of 1796 after the Third Partition of Poland from the territory of the short-lived Volhynian Vice-royalty and Wołyń Voivodeship .
Swell Music is a music, sound design, and audio post house based in Los Angeles and San Francisco, California .
General National Maritime Transport Company, more commonly known as GNMTC, is a Libyan State Owned Company which was founded in 1975, with a total capital of 1 .
SACMI is an international manufacturer of machines and complete plants for the ceramic tile, beverage, packaging, quality control process, and plastics industries .
Jones International University , a commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools .
Christian Schulz is a German footballer, currently with German Bundesliga club Hannover 96 as a centre back .
Coherent Solutions is a software development outsourcing company with headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and an offshore development office in Minsk, Belarus .
The Finger Lakes Railway of ex Conrail trackage, formerly owned by the New York Central Railroad, the Pennsylvania Railroad, and the Lehigh Valley Railroad .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Kashmiri as of census 2001 .
Criteo is a ""personalized retargeting company"" that works with Internet retailers to serve personalized online display advertisements to consumers that have previously visited the advertiser's website .
Jerry Allen Coyne is an American professor of biology, known for his commentary on intelligent design .
The North Region , who are Islamic pastoralists, and numerous Muslim and animist speakers of Adamawa, Chadic, and Nilo-Saharan languages .
Indrema Entertainment Systems was a consumer electronics company famous for the Indrema L600 Entertainment System, a game console intended for independent game developers .
Constantinos Charalambides is a Cypriot football midfielder currently playing for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
The Duchy of Saxe-Marksuhl was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty .
Eli Eban is an Israeli-American clarinetist and son of the venerable late Israeli diplomat Abba Eban .
Dylan Vox is an American actor and producer who has worked in television, film and theatre .
Utva Aviation Industry is a manufacturer of general aviation aircraft, located in Pančevo, Serbia .
Susan Derges, is a photographic artist, specialising in camera-less photographic processes, most often working with natural landscapes .
Til Barsip or Til Barsib is an ancient site situated in Aleppo Governorate, Syria by the Euphrates river about 20 kilometers south of ancient Carchemish .
Shawn Lawrence Otto is an American novelist, nonfiction author, filmmaker, political strategist, speaker, science advocate, and screenwriter and co-producer of the movie House of Sand and Fog .
Brendan Muldowney is a graduate of Dun Laoghaire Institute of Art and Design, Ireland .
Alexander Sebastien Lee is an American actor and award-winning filmmaker born and raised in Los Angeles, California .
Salm is the name of several historic countships and principalities in present Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and France .
Pawnee is a ghost town in Geary County, Kansas, United States, which served as the first official capital of the Kansas Territory in 1855 .
Geoffrey ""Geoff"" Downes , and acting as record producer for various artists including Mike Oldfield and Thompson Twins .
LogoSportswear is an online retailer of custom caps, custom shirts, team uniforms, custom workwear, logo golf shirts and golf tournament gifts, promotional logo items and signs and banners customers can design online any way they like .
Ilyas dynasty or Iliyas dynasty or Iliyas Shahi dynasty was the first independent Muslim ruling dynasty in late medieval Bengal, which ruled from the 14th century to the 15th century .
A temporary capital or a provisional capital is a city or town chosen by a government as an interim base of operations due to some difficulty in retaining or establishing control of a different metropolitan area .
Soldak Entertainment is a small independent company that was founded by Steven Peeler on November 22, 2004 .
William Adams ""Will"" Kimbrough is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer based in Nashville, Tennessee .
Terabeam was a formerly Kirkland, Washington-based company that designed and manufactured free-space optical transceivers for Internet access in city downtowns .
Pamela Cortes is an Ecuadorian singer, actress and dancer, who has won several awards for her performances .
The Principality of Mingrelia , it remained independent until it became subject to Imperial Russia in 1803 .
Ole 'Iron Fist' Laursen is a Filipino-Danish Welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer and mixed martial artist currently competing in ONE FC's Lightweight division .
South Korea , and commonly referred to as Korea, is a country in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula .
Yeast Culture, sometimes spelt yeastCulture is a company engaged in film making and digital media, based in Camden, London .
The Very Reverend David Giuliano , he was subsequently elected to succeed Peter Short as the 39th Moderator of the United Church for a three-year term .
Petro-Canada Mobility is a Canadian Mobile Virtual Network Operator created in late 2006 by gasoline firm Petro-Canada as a competitor to other store based MVNOs like PC Mobile .
Dutch Malacca as their economic and administrative center in the region and their hold in Malacca was to prevent the loss of the city to other European powers and subsequently the competition that would naturally come with it .
Penelope Mary Mordaunt for Portsmouth North since winning the seat at the 2010 United Kingdom general election .
Ngoyo was an Iron Age kingdom state of the Woyo tribe, located in the south of Cabinda .
Chobanids was an Anatolian beylik founded by the dynasty of the same name and controlled the region in and around the northern Central Anatolian city of Kastamonu in the 13th century, ruling as an independent entity in intervals .
Coller Capital, founded in 1990 by Jeremy Coller, is one of the leading global investors in the private equity secondary market .
Micro Forté now known as Micro Forté Studios, is an Australian electronic entertainment company with development studios in Canberra, Australia and Sydney, Australia .
John Cain , Australian Labor Party politician, was the 41st Premier of Victoria, holding office from 1982 to 1990 .
Sharon Tomiko Santos , American politician, is a Washington State representative representing the 37th legislative district .
New Castle is a city in New Castle County, Delaware, six miles south of Wilmington, situated on the Delaware River .
Ben Jerome Davis is an American former professional basketball player who played with the NBA's Phoenix Suns and New York Knicks .
Taedonggang is a brand of North Korean beer brewed by the state-owned Taedonggang Brewing Company based in Pyongyang .
Sepandar David Kamvar , also known as Sep Kamvar, is a computer scientist, artist, and entrepreneur .
Heidi Baker PhD is a Christian missionary and with her husband Rolland are founders of Iris Global and the author of several books .
angel Kyodo Williams is an American writer, ordained Zen priest and the author of Being Black: Zen and the Art of Living with Fearlessness and Grace, published by Viking Press in 2000 .
The National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association , Regional Players of the Year awards, and All-America awards .
Envision Solar is a company that specializes in solar shading structures including the original and patented Solar Tree array .
The Duchy of Carinthia with the town of Malborghetto Valbruna was ceded to the Kingdom of Italy by the 1919 Treaty of Saint-Germain .
Pyu, also spelled Phyu or Phyuu, is a town in Taungoo District, Bago Region in Burma .
Robyn Anne Johnson is a beauty queen from Sheridan, Wyoming who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Marcos Tébar Ramiro is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Brentford in England, as a midfielder .
Bunge Limited is a global agribusiness and food company headquartered in White Plains, United States .
Brian Bedol is an American television executive, entrepreneur, and founder of the sports television channels Classic Sports Network and College Sports Television .
The taifa of Toledo was a Muslim medieval kingdom located in what is now central Spain .
Room to Read is a non-profit organization for improving literacy and gender equality in education in the developing world .
Amanda Rammell is an American actress and former beauty pageant titleholder from Rexburg, Idaho who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and the Miss USA competition .
Monmouthshire Building Society, , is a Welsh building society, which has its head office in Newport, South Wales .
Nasrollah Moein Najafabadi , Born on January 19, 1952 in Najafabad in Isfahan is an Iranian singer .
Westpark Music is a German record label based in Cologne, best known for publishing albums by Gjallarhorn, Oysterband, Hedningarna, Varttina, Bellowhead, Stockholm Lisboa Project, Chumbawamba, Lydie Auvray, Garmarna and many others .
Joseph ""Joey"" Saputo is a Canadian businessman and the president of the Montreal Impact, a professional soccer team he founded in 1993, and Saputo Stadium, named after his family's dairy products company .
Abu Basir al-Tartusi is the assumed name of Abd-al Mun'em Mustafa Halima, a Syrian cleric and jihadist theoretician .
The Urban Energy Policy Institute is an American non-profit, non-partisan organization that aims to serve as a forum for ideas of all persuasions .
Beylik of Tanrıbermiş was a small and short-lived principality in western Anatolia and Ephesus .
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Bischwiller in the far northeast of France .
Sunetric is a Hawaii-based photovoltaic solar power company that performs consultation, design, and installation of photovoltaic systems for residential, commercial, military, and non-profit customers .
Gate City Bank is a mutually owned bank headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota, with 34 offices in North Dakota and western Minnesota .
Deepcool is a manufacturer and provider of thermal products for desktops, laptops and servers .
Gary Vaynerchuk is co-founder and CEO of a social media brand consulting agency, video blogger, co-owner and director of operations of a wine retail store, and an author and public speaker on the subjects of social media, brand building and e-commerce .
Not to be confused with the 19th century Great North of England Railway Great North Eastern Railway often referred to as GNER, was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Sea Containers that operated the InterCity East Coast franchise from April 1996 until December 2007, when Sea Containers was stripped of the franchise due to poor financial management .
The Confederate Monument of Morganfield, Kentucky is a monument to Confederate soldiers from surrounding Union County, Kentucky, of which Morganfield is the county seat .
The Marsden Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Nelson, Lancashire .
CITIC Securities Company Limited is a leading full-service investment bank in China, it maintains the leading position on business fronts such as investment banking, brokerage, asset management, investment advisory service, etc .
The Piven Theatre Workshop is located in Evanston, Illinois and was founded by Joyce and Byrne Piven .
Berendsohn AG is a company active on the promotional products market with its headquarters in Hamburg and markets in 14 European states .
Pinstorm is a digital advertising firm headquartered in Mumbai, India with offices in New Delhi, Bangalore, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Zurich and Santa Clara .
The Duchy of Milan was a constituent state of the Holy Roman Empire in northern Italy .
Michael Buckley is a best selling children’s book author who is currently writing The Sisters Grimm and the N .
The Lachin Kurdish Republic was self-proclaimed on 20 May, 1992, in Lachin, just two days after this area of Azerbaijan had been captured by Armenian forces and largely emptied of its population as part of the ongoing Nagorno-Karabakh War .
The Umma bank was issued which required the names of all the Commercial banks in Libya to Arabic names .
The Duchy of Sora was a semi-independent state in Italy, created in 1443 by King Alfonso I of Naples and dissolved in 1796 .
The Commonwealth of Nations is a voluntary association of 53 independent and sovereign states and the rest are republics .
Sardhana is a town and a municipal board in Meerut district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Bolthouse Farms, founded 1915 in Grant, Michigan, is a vertically integrated farm company located in California's San Joaquin Valley and headquartered in Bakersfield, California .
Full Throttle Theatre Company is an organisation based in Townsville, North Queensland, Australia which is primarily focused on promoting theatre and the arts in the region .
Ili or Yili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture in northernmost Xinjiang is the only Kazakh autonomous prefecture of the People's Republic of China .
BrightSource Energy is an Oakland, California based, corporation that designs, builds, finances, and operates utility-scale solar power plants .
The County of Santa Fiora was a small historical state of southern Tuscany, in central Italy .
Wiltshire Farm Foods is a frozen meals delivery company that specialises in delivering frozen ready meals to customers' homes throughout the United Kingdom .
The Rushmore Reviews is a company based in Aberdeen, Scotland that collects, analyzes and publishes offset well data for participating Operators in the oil industry .
The Chola dynasty also called ""Cholan"" was one of the longest-ruling dynasties in the history of southern India .
Anasaria “Ana Griselda” Vegas Albornoz is a pageant titleholder, was born in La Azulita, Mérida, Venezuela on July 26, 1941 .
Ted Atkatz is the founder of and frontman for the Los Angeles-based alternative rock group NYCO .
Aguascalientes , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Stijn Devolder is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, riding for UCI ProTeam Trek Factory Racing .
New Red Archives is an independent record label based in California's San Francisco Bay Area, mainly home to punk rock bands .
Metroland Media Group, is a large media, publishing and distribution company operating in the southern part of the Canadian province of Ontario .
The Kingdom of Saxony , lasting between 1806 and 1918, was an independent member of a number of historical confederacies in Napoleonic through post-Napoleonic Germany .
Armenia debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2006 with the song ""Without Your Love"" performed by André .
SavaJe was the developer of the SavaJe OS, a Java OS for advanced mobile phones .
Archbishop Joseph Tawil was the Melkite Greek Catholic eparch for the United States, teacher and theologian .
Temenos Group AG is a company specialising in software for financial services, with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland .
“Saraya Aqaba” is a Jordanian private shareholding company, whose founding shareholders include Saraya Jordan, Jordan’s Social Security Corporation, Aqaba Development Corporation, and Arab Bank plc .
Ljube Boškoski , is a Macedonian politician and former Minister of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Macedonia .
The Theme of Paphlagonia of the Byzantine Empire in the namesake region along the northern coast of Anatolia, in modern Turkey .
Mukatsuku Records is a record label based out of London, UK, started in 2006 and owned and run by the DJ and record collector Nik Weston .
For the producer and songwriter of the same name, see Dave Tough was an American jazz drummer associated with both Dixieland and swing jazz in the 1930s and 1940s .
Macecraft Software is a Finnish computer software company founded in 2001 by Jouni Vuorio and Jani Vuorio .
Pirmin Schwegler is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga .
CDNetworks, founded in 2000, is a full-service content delivery network , with increasing business in the United States .
Yaren, in earlier times Makwa/Moqua, is a district and constituency of the Pacific nation of Nauru .
Ukash is a UK-based electronic money system that allows users to exchange their cash for a secure code to make payments online .
The Neo-Babylonian Empire was a period of Mesopotamian history which began in 626 BC and ended in 539 BC .
Feonic is a commercial company specialising in the design and development of magnetostrictive audio products as a spin-off from Hull University .
Satpula is a remarkable ancient water harvesting dam or weir located about 800 m of the Tughlaq Dynasty .
Zhang Hanyun , also known as Baby Zhang or Kristy Zhang, is a Chinese singer .
Ahlstrom is a Finnish high performance fiber-based materials company, partnering with leading businesses around the world .
The Bourbon Restoration is the name given to the period of French history following the fall of Napoleon in 1814 until the July Revolution of 1830 .
Gujarat , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula, and a population in excess of 60 million .
Duchy of Belz or principality of Belz was a petty duchy, formed in the late 12th century in Kievan Rus .
Mansour also called Mansour Jafari Mamaghani is an Iranian artist born in Tehran, Iran renowned as a Persian musical artist based in Southern California .
Tchetin Hussein Kazak is a Bulgarian politician of Turkish descent and Member of the European Parliament .
The Disney Worldwide Outreach Program is the Walt Disney Company's charitable division, helping charitable organizations throughout the world, as well as local initiatives .
Piermario Morosini was an Italian professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Livorno, on loan from Udinese .
Gonzalo Rubio Orbe , as well as a great number of articles in anthropologial journals .
In the history of France, the First Republic, officially the French Republic , was founded on 22 September 1792 during the French Revolution .
Marc Sinden as both actor and producer and is currently directing the 40-part documentary series Great West End Theatres, detailing the history of the 40 major playhouses in London .
Foster City Studio is a video game developer part of SCE Worldwide Studios which is owned by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Walter Goodall George was a nineteenth-century British runner from Calne who after setting numerous world records as an amateur, went professional in part to challenge the mile record-holder William Cummings, defeating him in several highly publicized races .
Recife north of the city, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1982 .
Cadbury's Chocolate Factory is a working chocolate factory belonging to the Australian division of international confectionery company Cadbury Schweppes, and is located in Claremont, Tasmania, Australia .
IBM Southeast Employees’ Federal Credit Union was formed in 1969 to serve the employees of IBM .
TransNexus, founded in 1997, is a commercial company providing software products for managing peering among VoIP networks .
Ideum is a company based in Corrales, New Mexico that produces multitouch tables and walls, custom interactive web and media applications, and custom hardware .
LUSFiber is a municipally owned subsidiary of Lafayette Utilities System providing Cable Television, Broadband Internet, and Telephone services to the citizens of Lafayette, Louisiana .
TMW Systems is a developer of enterprise management software for the surface transportation services industry, including logistics, freight, trucking and heavy-duty repair and maintenance .
Sonam Gyatso was the first to be created Dalai Lama, although the title was retrospectively given to his two predecessors .
Dara O'Hagan from the University of Ulster and an MSc in Irish Politics and a PhD from Queens University, Belfast .
The Prince-Bishopric of Augsburg was one of the prince-bishoprics of the Holy Roman Empire, and belonged to the Swabian Circle .
Togo have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 2006 .
Erwin Arturo Frei Bolívar is a Chilean political figure, a former senator and presidential candidate in the 2000 election .
Honiara is the capital city of Solomon Islands, administered as a provincial town on the northwestern coast of Guadalcanal Island .
Ntractive is a privately held software development company based in Grand Forks, North Dakota that markets business software to small to medium sized companies .
Jeremiah Cole Miller is an American mixed martial artist, currently competing in the featherweight division in the UFC .
The Abdulla Fouad Group of Companies was founded in the 1950s in Ras Tanura, Saudi Arabia .
Not to be confused with Tanjung Kupang in JohoreKupang is capital of the Indonesian province of East Nusa Tenggara, and its estimated 2011 population was 349,344 .
The OTC Exchange Of India , also known as the Over-the-Counter Exchange of India, is based in Mumbai, Maharashtra .
Hirt’s Gardens is a retail greenhouse located in Granger Township, Medina County, Ohio that offers unusual and hard-to-find seeds, seedlings, and mature plants ranging from traditional vegetables to rare perennials to exotic houseplants .
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB is an international specialty healthcare company dedicated to rare diseases, based in Stockholm, Sweden .
Les Bateaux Verts is a ferry company operating a service between Saint-Tropez, Sainte-Maxime, Port Grimaud and Les Issambres .
Sir Alfred Lane Beit, 2nd Baronet was a British Conservative Party politician, art collector and philanthropist and honorary Irish citizen .
The Merry Hempsters is a manufacturer of certified organic and vegan hemp seed oil-based products located in Eugene, Oregon, United States .
Brady Wiseman is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 65 since 2004 .
The Biofuels Center of North Carolina is a private, nonprofit corporate facility located on a 426-acre a year—will be produced in-state from locally grown biomass .
Telestial is a mobile virtual network operator headquartered in Boston with a large share of North America’s international cell phone market .
African empires is an umbrella term used in African studies to refer to a number of historical states in Africa with multinational structures incorporating various populations and polities into a single entity, usually through conquest .
New Delhi is the capital of India and seat of the executive, legislative, and judiciary branches of the Government of India .
The Samuel Griffith Society was founded by former Chief Justice Sir Harry Gibbs, John Stone and others in 1992 .
Sleep It Off Records is a Gainesville, Florida-based independent record label, which was started by the band Less Than Jake in 2008 .
Surakarta Sunanate is a Javanese monarchy centered in the city of Surakarta, in the province of Central Java, Indonesia .
Riohacha, Rio Hacha or Rio de la Hacha rarely called Ahcaóir or Ahcaoir in English and lonic , is a city in the Riohacha Municipality in the northern Caribbean Region of Colombia by the mouth of the Ranchería River and the Caribbean sea, capital city of the La Guajira Department .
Dhar State was a Maratha princely state of India during the British Raj, part of the Central India Agency .
ALT Theatre is an American theater company founded in 2007, that has been noted as a leader of ground-breaking new works in contemporary theatre and dance .
Miho Maeshima , also known as Miho Maejima, is a Japanese model and AV idol who formerly appeared on broadcast television in Japan .
Efstathios ""Stathis"" Aloneftis is a Cypriot footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
Shadwell Racing is the Thoroughbred horse racing operations of Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai .
The James Madison Institute is a free-market American think tank headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida in the United States .
In Greek mythology, Oileus or Oïleus the mother of Ajax, but others stated that the mother of Ajax by Oileus was Alcimache, and yet others asserted that Alcimache was simply another name for Eriopis .
Doublesix is a subsidiary of Kuju Entertainment based in Guildford that develops video games for the digital download market .
Peter Gurney was an author and campaigner for the rights and welfare of guinea pigs .
Niš Eyalet was an administrative unit of the Ottoman Empire located in the territory of present-day southern Serbia and western Bulgaria .
Andria Busic is a Brazilian bassist/vocalist who has worked with such bands as Dr .
Sumangali Cable Vision with presence in most of the cities in Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Coimbatore .
Anouar Hajoui better known as DJ Cut Killer or just Cut Killer is a renowned French DJ of Moroccan origin with a versatile repertoire of hip hop and rap .
Majuro , is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Marshall Islands .
The Zulu Kingdom, sometimes referred to as the Zulu Empire was a monarchy in Southern Africa that extended along the coast of the Indian Ocean from the Tugela River in the south to Pongola River in the north .
Maros is a town in the South Sulawesi province of Indonesia close to the provincial capital of Makassar .
The Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association established in 1946, is a non-profit membership association serving the military, government, industry, and academia as an ethical forum for advancing professional knowledge and relationships in the fields of communications, information technology, intelligence, and security .
The People's Democratic Republic of Yemen on May 22, 1990, to form the present-day Yemen .
Petersburg Tram Mechanical Factory was the sole supplier of rolling stock for the tram system in St .
The Sultanates of Lanao in Mindanao, Philippines were founded in the 16th century through the influence of Shariff Kabungsuan, who was enthroned as first Sultan of Maguindanao in 1520 .
Chris Neill is a British comedian, producer and writer who features regularly on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio Scotland .
Advantage Rent a Car is a car rental company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas which at its peak operated more than 150 U .
Timika is a chartered city , and the capital of Mimika Regency of Papua, Indonesia .
Mansfield State Historic Site is a Louisiana state historic site which preserves the site of the 1864 Battle of Mansfield in the American Civil War .
The Auckland Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
The Taifa of Tortosa was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed for two separate periods: from 1010 to 1060 and from 1081 to 1099 .
Carmine Boal served as the Iowa State Representative from the 70th District from 1999 to 2008 .
Rynagh O'Grady is an Irish actress who is known for Mary O'Leary in the Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted and A Love Divided .
Buchanan is the third largest city in Liberia, lying on Waterhouse Bay, part of the Atlantic Ocean .
The Thing is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Looney Ricks Kiss is a Memphis-based full-service architecture firm founded in 1983 by Carson Looney, FAIA, Frank Ricks, AIA, and Richard Kiss, AIA .
Gary Hooper is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Norwich City .
Dave Carnie , is a former editor-in-chief of Big Brother Magazine and current writer for numerous publications .
Khurram Hussain Agha is an internationally notable Pakistani amateur snooker player, and current Pakistan No .
Operation Hailstone was a massive naval air and surface attack launched on February 16–17, 1944, during World War II by the United States Navy against the Japanese naval and air base at Truk in the Caroline Islands, a pre-war Japanese territory .
Richard ""Kid"" Strange is an English writer, actor, musician, curator, teacher, adventurer and the founder and front man of seminal mid-1970s protopunk art rock band Doctors of Madness .
Interros is a Russian conglomerate controlled by Russian oligarch Vladimir Potanin with large stakes in mining, metals, energy, finance, retail, real estate and other sectors .
The Taifa of Córdoba was a republican taifa that replaced the teetering Umayyad Caliph as the government of Córdoba and its vicinity in 1031 .
Austrian colonization of Nicobar Islands was a short-lived and unsuccessful attempt of Habsburg Monarchy to make Nicobar Islands a document that ceded the four islands of Nancowry, Kamorta, Trinket and Katchal to Austria .
Mel Ash is a Zen teacher, writer, artist, and performer with a lifelong passion for transformative experience and cultural change .
Santiago del Estero , as it is the first city founded in the actual territory of Argentina .
Purvanchal or Uttaranchal in Uttar Pradesh to its southwest Gorakhpur is the largest city of Purvanchal and it is also called the centre and main city of Purvanchal because it is situated in the heart of purvanchalThere has been a political demand to create a separate state .
Vaughan & Bushnell Manufacturing, also known as Vaughan Manufacturing and branded as simply Vaughan, is an American manufacturing company that specializes in the production of hammers, axes, prybars, and hand saws .
Mikey Cuthbert which includes music from Cuthbert, Foy Vance, Pete Townshend, The Kooks, The Magic Numbers, The Flaming Lips and Razorlight .
Toshiro Kandagawa , born in 1939 in Kyoto Prefecture in Japan, is a renowned contemporary chef, known primarily for his strict following of classic Japanese cooking styles and disdain for modern and ""fusion"" cooking .
The Territory of Papua comprised the southeastern quarter of the island of New Guinea from 1883 to 1975 .
Miracle Recreation is a playground manufacturer in the USA, providing children's playground equipment and amenities for parks and schools, throughout the world .
Aldi Talk is a mobile virtual network operator in Germany, Australia, Belgium, and the Netherlands .
Dolphin Computer Access is a British company that designs, creates and sells software for people who are blind or have vision and print impairments, dyslexia and other specific learning difficulties .
The Kingdom of Aksum or Axum, also known as the Aksumite Empire, was a trading nation in the area of Eritrea and northern Ethiopia , which existed from approximately 100–940 AD .
Hair Cuttery is a United States-based unisex hair salon, founded by Dennis and Ann Ratner in 1974 .
Atlantic Bank Group, commonly known by its French name Groupe Banque Atlantique, is a West African financial services conglomerate, headquartered in Lome, Togo .
QM Investment is a private hedge fund located in Shanghai, China, specializing in agriculture commodity investment .
Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn-Altenkirchen , a title which descended through the female line and is now a title of the Grand Duke of Luxembourg .
Karpenisi lies directly to the north of the town, and the foothills of mount Kaliakouda are in the south .
The Taifa of Molina was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around the 1080s to 1100 .
Russobit-M is one of the largest distributors of PC games in Russia and the CIS, and is a key player in the PC game industry .
Lincolnshire Co-operative is an independent consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom and is a registered Co-operative and Community Benefit Society .
Agata Szymczewska is a Polish violinist, and a student of Academy of Music in Poznań and Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Hannover, of professors Bartosz Bryła and Krzysztof Węgrzyn .
Michoacán, formally Michoacán de Ocampo and the Park where the Cupatitzio River has its main source .
Beverly Lewis is a Christian fiction novelist and adult and children's author of over 80 books .
Andrew Geoffrey ""Andy"" Kaufman was a popular and eccentric American entertainer, actor, and performance artist .
Blue California is a Southern California, USA, based ingredient manufacturer who manufactures highly purified botanical extracts and specialty ingredients using raw materials from around the world .
Bess Motta is an American actress, singer, choreographer, and exercise demonstrator who appeared in the Canadian produced television series, The :20 Minute Workout which aired for two seasons in 1983 and 1984 .
Katie Buckhaven is a British female singer whose style is an eclectic mix of jazz and folk songs .
Henri Bellery-Desfontaines was a French Art Nouveau painter, decorator and illustrator renowned for his posters, lithographs, tapestries, furniture, bank note designs, typography, and other works of decorative arts .
Stonesoft Corporation was a public company that developed and sold network security solutions based in Helsinki, Finland .
Eesti Energia AS is a private limited energy company in Estonia with its headquarters in Tallinn .
Basil Green Motors is a former car manufacturer and rallye team which is located in Edenvale, Gauteng near Johannesburg, South Africa .
Paddy Cullen is a former Gaelic footballer who was an inter-county goalkeeper and manager with the Dublin senior football team .
Carl Magnus Alexander ""Alex"" Schulman is a journalist, blogger and television and radio personality .
Kristian Prestrud was a Norwegian naval officer and polar explorer who participated in the Amundsen Antarctic Expedition between 1910 and 1912 .
Burges Salmon LLP is a law firm based in Bristol, England, and one of the 50 largest in the UK .
The Dominion of New England in America , composed of present-day Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey .
Monami Co Ltd is a Korean maker of stationery, printer supplies, office supplies, and pens and other writing instruments .
The Frost Belt is a region of the United States generally considered to include New England, the Great Lakes Region, and much of the Midwest .
The Confederate Martyrs Monument at the Jeffersontown City Cemetery in Jeffersontown, Kentucky marks where four Confederate soldiers were executed ""without cause or trial"", due to Order #59, the creation of Union General Stephen G .
The Free State of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was a state in the Weimar Republic that was established in 1918 following the abdication of the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin following the German Revolution .
Aeningia is an island mentioned in the Natural History by Pliny the Elder, written in the 1s century CE .
Bob's Stores is a chain of 35 retail stores in the northeastern United States owned by Versa Capital Management .
Maggie O'Farrell is a Northern Irish author of contemporary fiction, who features in Waterstones' 25 Authors for the Future It is possible to identify several common themes in her novels – the relationship between sisters is one, another is loss and the psychological impact of those losses on the lives of her characters .
Leonard Preyra is a Canadian politician and member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly, representing the riding of Halifax Citadel-Sable Island for the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party .
Kajeet is a prepaid wireless provider operating as a Sprint-based mobile virtual network operator that began selling phones to the general public in March 2007 through its website .
The Republic of North Peru was one of the three constituent Republics of the short-lived Peru–Bolivian Confederation of 1836–39 .
Harold Hudson Channer is a talk-show host on public-access television cable TV network Manhattan Neighborhood Network, or MNN .
Sidikalang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Dairi Regency .
Hesse-Homburg was formed into a separate landgraviate in 1622 by the landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt; it was to be ruled by his son, although it did not become independent of Hesse-Darmstadt until 1668 .
Richmond Wilcox Landon was an American athlete who competed mainly in the high jump .
The Central Bank of the Dominican Republic was established by the Monetary and Banking Law of 1947 as the central bank of the Dominican Republic, responsible for regulating the country's monetary and banking system .
Île Fourchue, also known as Île Fourche is an island between Saint-Barthélemy and Saint Martin, belonging to the Collectivity of Saint Barthélemy .
Nana Natsume is a Japanese film actress, a former AV idol and a well-known celebrity in Japan .
Sakala County was an ancient Estonian county first mentioned in print by Henry of Latvia in the beginning of the 13th Century .
Magdolna Rúzsa , Hungary's nationwide talent search, that resembles, but is not based on, Pop Idol .
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Gelnhausen in the south of modern Hesse, Germany .
Michael Geoffrey ""Mike"" Skinner is an English rapper, musician, record producer, and actor, best known for the music project The Streets .
Bruno Tabacci is an Italian politician, member of the Chamber of Deputies, now in the new centrist electoral list Democratic Centre for the Alliance for Italy party .
Oliver James Fisher is an English professional golfer who plays on the European Tour .
Tacit Software was a company that provided expertise and knowledge search software for enterprises and consumers .
Le Book is a global network and resource that offers exposure to companies and members of the creative community .
Republic Broadcasting Network is a satellite, shortwave, and Internet radio operation based in the state of Texas .
Rodney Martineau ""Rod"" Burstall is a British computer scientist and one of four founders of the Laboratory for Foundations of Computer Science at the University of Edinburgh .
Gary Tyler has been a prisoner in Louisiana since 1975, when he was convicted at age 17 of the 1974 shooting death of a 13-year-old white boy .
Peter 'The Man in the Cap' McDermott reigning All-Ireland Champions Meath at Croke Park in October 1967 under Gaelic football rules .
Heraklion is the largest city and the administrative capital of the island of Crete, Greece .
Energy Company of Ukraine is a dissolved state-owned holding company for electricity assets in Ukraine under Ministry of Fuel and Energy .
The Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg was an ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire located in Lower Franconia west of the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg .
The Grand Duchy of Westarctica is a micronation created by American Travis McHenry, which claims Marie Byrd Land .
Nazarene Publishing House , the publishing arm of the Church of the Nazarene, was the largest publisher of Wesleyan-Holiness literature in the world .
JoMoX Elektronische Musikinstrumente GmbH is German electronic musical instrument manufacturer founded in 1997 in Berlin .
Sascha Gerstner is a German musician and songwriter, best known as one of the guitarists and backing vocalists of power metal band Helloween since 2003 .
Commemorative coins in Romania are special coins minted by the State Mint and issued by the National Bank of Romania .
Mathias Rüegg is a European musician, composer, and bandleader best known as founder and director of the Vienna Art Orchestra from 1977 to 2010 .
Farid al-Atrash, also written Farid Elattrache was a Syrian–Egyptian composer, singer, virtuoso oud player, and actor .
Mo'men is a chain of fast food restaurants based in Cairo, Egypt, specializing in sandwiches .
The Republic of Mountainous Armenia forces under command of Garegin Nzhdeh, following the suppression of the February Uprising in April 1921 .
Acision is a privately held mobile communications network infrastructure company specialising in messaging and charging systems that enable popular services such as Short message service , mobile internet browsing, Mobile Broadband and voicemail .
Tele Antillas HIJB - Canal 2 is a television network operating out of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic .
Carla Constanza Peterson in 2006, where she played beside of Natalia Oreiro and Facundo Arana .
Duki Dror דוקי is a director, producer and documentary filmmaker whose films deal largely with issues of migration, identity and displacement .
The Gondrand Group is an international freight forwarding and logistics provider for land transports, sea freight, air freight and contract logistics .
Brian James , won five league championships with Glenbrook North High School, and appeared in the Illinois state tournament four times .
PreEmptive Solutions is a Cleveland-based software company founded in 1996 by Gabriel Torok, Paul Tyma, and William Leach .
Canyon Creek Food Company is a food processing company based in Edmonton, Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers .
The Institute for Artist Management, branded as INSTITUTE, is an artist management company, which manages some 23 creative artists .
Naya Qila also spelled as Naya Quila is an extended portion of Golconda Fort, in Hyderabad, India .
Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal, , German jurist, was born at Meissen in Saxony, the son of a lawyer and was the father of Karl Eduard Zachariae .
Yuk Yuk's is a national comedy club chain in Canada, founded by former stand-up comedian Mark Breslin and established in 1976 by Breslin and long-time friend Joel Axler .
The Hong Kong Council of Social Service is a council co-ordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong, established in 1947 .
Paramount Universal Bank Limited ,commonly referred to as Paramount Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya .
Lason is a provider of document management outsourcing services, including imaging, mail processing, data capture, document DNATM, and output .
Boghammar Marin AB is a small family-owned company on Lidingö, Sweden that specializes in the construction and building of aluminium boats like fast patrol boats, police boats, passenger vessels, sea fisheries/protection vessels and so on .
Masayoshi ""Masa"" Takayama is the chef and owner of Masa, a three-Michelin-starred Japanese and sushi restaurant in Manhattan, New York City .
Ignacio Peña Vidal, better known as Ignacio Peña; is a Puerto Rican rock singer/songwriter, musician, producer, video director and editor, and multimedia creator .
Speedy Gonzales , and a red kerchief, similar to that of some traditional Mexican attires .
Roger Fan is an American actor of film, theatre and episodic television best known for his collaborations with Justin Lin and his appearances in the films Annapolis, Finishing the Game and Better Luck Tomorrow .
Leandro Daniel Somoza is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Vélez Sarsfield in the Argentine Primera División .
Handan Iron and Steel Group or Hansteel is a state-owned iron and steel enterprise engaging in the manufacturing, processing and sales of black metal, billet, steel rolling, carbamide, sintering mineral, metallurgical machinery parts and coke .
Vintage Real Estate is a private investment firm founded by Fred Sands and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California .
Danny Elliott Means II or better known by his stage name, Butch Cassidy, is an American G-Funk rapper .
Bouygues Telecom is a French mobile phone, Internet service provider and IPTV company, part of the Bouygues group .
The Scholarship Performers are a theater group in Rhode Island, United States that is dedicated to providing scholarships in the Burrillville area of the state .
Jodi Tymeson is a former Iowa State Representative from the 77th and 73rd Districts .
Aaron Cohen is an Israeli-American writer, director, actor, author and former Duvdevan Special Forces operator specializing in counter-terrorism and best known for his international bestselling memoir Brotherhood of Warriors .
Happy's Pizza is an American regional chain of restaurants, serving pizza, ribs, chicken, seafood, sandwiches, pasta and salad .
The Bishopric of Regensburg of the Holy Roman Empire, located in what is now southern Germany .
Secession in the United States properly refers to State secession, which is the withdrawal of one or more States from the Union that constitutes the United States; but may loosely refer to cleaving a State or territory to form a separate territory or new State, or to the severing of an area from a city or county within a State .
SportSouth is an American regional sports network that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
Franco-Nevada Corporation is a Toronto, Canada based company that owns royalties and streams in gold mining and other commodity and natural resource investments .
Wyomia Tyus is an American athlete, and the first person to retain the Olympic title in the 100 m .
Pierluigi Giombini was born in a family of musicians: his father Marcello Giombini was a composer of secular music and film music as well as being interested in electronic music .
Palopo or Kota Palopo is one of the autonomous cities in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, and the third-largest city in the province .
Huldreslåt is a Scandinavian Folk band that was born not in Scandinavia but in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in the year 2006 .
Ben Massarella is a percussionist and drummer best known for his work with the American rock bands Califone and Red Red Meat .
Medard Gabel is a noted author and speaker who co-founded World Game Institute with Buckminster Fuller .
Blackland Records is an independent record label that was incorporated in 2005 by John Kent and Tim Wheeler .
Ilkley Upstagers' Theatre Group, or simply Upstagers, is a well-known amateur theatre group based in Ilkley, West Yorkshire .
Wheeling is a city in the State of West Virginia and is the county seat of Ohio County, but also has some subdivisions in Marshall County .
Soeng Hyang Soen Sa Nim is a Zen Master and the Guiding Teacher of the international Kwan Um School of Zen, and successor to the late Seung Sahn Soen Sa Nim .
Chocolate City is a Nigerian record label founded in 2005 by lawyer Audu Maikori along with Paul Okeugo and Yahaya Maikori .
Anthony Perosh is an Australian mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner currently competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship's Light Heavyweight division .
StudioCanal UK is a film distributing company working in the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Defense of the Federated States of Micronesia is the responsibility of the United States, but local police matters are handled by the FSM National Police, a small federal national police force, a division of the Department of Justice .
Jesús Eduardo González Veliz is a Mexican-American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division .
The Art of Shaving is an American chain of retail establishments that sells high-end shaving supplies, skin care and related grooming products .
Bertrand Bitz is a Swiss singer and songwriter, born on March 2, 1978 in Nax .
Urban Brain Studios is a Studio City, CA based software company that develops video game design tools for PC .
Grey Gull Records was a record label based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America from 1919 through 1930 .
Bobby Nelson Poe , also known as The Poe Kat, had a long and varied career in the music business .
The Birmingham Mint, a coining mint, originally known as Heaton's Mint or Ralph Heaton & Sons, in Birmingham, England, started producing tokens and coins in 1850 as a private enterprise, separate from, but in cooperation with the Royal Mint .
The Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts brand was the first motel chain in the United States of America, founded by Edgar Lee Torrance in Waco, Texas in 1929 .
The Empire of Great Fulo, also known as the Denanke Kingdom or Denianke Kingdom was a pre-Islamic Pulaar kingdom of Senegal, which dominated the Futa Tooro region .
Budvanska Rivijera is a tourist company that owns hotels within the Municipality of Budva in Montenegro .
GM Uzbekistan for the manufacturing of automobiles, and is located in Asaka, UzbekistanThe JV originally was founded in 1996 between the Uzbek government and the South Korea based Daewoo, and was initially known as UzDaewoo Auto .
Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited is a road constructions and operations enterprise incorporated in the People's Republic of China .
Kutai, or Dayak Kutai, is a historic region in East Kalimantan in Indonesia on Borneo and also name of Dayak people on the region with a language of the same name and their historic .
Taryn Leigh Foshee , a Clinton, Mississippi native, is a beauty queen who won the 2003 Miss Clinton pageant while a pupil at Hillcrest Christian School and received a commendation from the Mississippi Legislature .
Ronaldo Souza dos Santos , is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, submission grappler and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner competing in the UFC's Middleweight division .
Gikongoro Province was one of the former twelve provinces prior to its dissolution in January 2006 .
For the current airline, see Hamburg AirwaysHamburg Airlines was a small German airline which operated from 1988 to 1997 .
In Greek mythology, Tenages was one of the Heliadae, a son of Rhodos and Helios .
Freshii is a Canadian fast-food franchise that serves burritos and wraps, soups, salads and frozen yogurt .
Halle was one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, located in the south of the country .
Santa Rita District, Alto Paraná Department, Paraguay, was established 4 December 1989 by Law 58/90 sanctioned 16 March 1990 .
Addeo Music International is an international jazz booking agency established in 2008 that works with a number of internationally acclaimed artists .
Tata Communications Limited, together with its Tata Communications subsidiary, is a global provider of managed communications services to multi-national enterprises and service providers .
McGlinchey Stafford is a United States-based law firm focusing on corporate defense litigation with offices in twelve cities in seven states, including the District of Columbia .
Angela Elwell Hunt is a prolific Christian author, and her books include The Tale of Three Trees, The Debt, The Note, and The Nativity Story, among others .
Dic Edwards is a British playwright and poet with more than 20 productions to his name .
KWG Property Holdings Limited is one of the largest privately owned property developers in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China .
Fenghao is the modern name of the twin city formed by the Western Zhou capitals of Feng and Hao on opposite banks of the Feng River near its confluence with the Wei River in Shaanxi, China .
Terry Avon Redlin is an American artist popular for painting outdoor themes and wildlife, often pictured in twilight, as widely collected as prints .
Human Rights Publishers is an international publishing group, founded in 2004 by three organizations: Human Rights Publishers, Prague; Izdatelstvo Prava Cheloveka, Moscow; and Izhevsk-based NGO «Redaktsiya zhurnala Pravozaschitnik» .
Celtic Football Club are a professional football club based in Glasgow, Scotland which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
Robert Ralston at Los Angeles's Coconut Grove nightclub, where in 1962, Welk invited him on his show as a guest musician .
Werc Werk Works is an independent film production and finance company founded by Elizabeth Redleaf and Independent Spirit Award nominated producer Christine Kunewa Walker .
Heidi ""Pepper"" Steiger is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Nicky Whelan .
Justin Frankel is an American computer programmer best known for his work on the Winamp media player application and for inventing the gnutella peer-to-peer network .
Ashmore Group plc is a large British investment manager dedicated to the emerging markets .
Carolina del Valle Cerruti Duijm is Miss World Venezuela 1983 and the daughter of former Miss World 1955, Susana Duijm .
ABN Newswire disseminates full-text news announcements and media from companies and organizations worldwide to news media, financial markets, disclosure systems, investors, information web sites, mobile devices, databases and other audiences .
Allphones is an Australian telecommunications retailer which specialises in offering a wide range of mobile and broadband related services across a range of carriers .
The American Society of Magazine Editors is an industry trade group for editors of magazines published in the United States .
The University of Florida Investment Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of the University of Florida, charged with managing the University's endowment, foundations, research endeavors, and the University Athletic Association .
The Worshipful Company of Security Professionals is the 108th Livery Company of the City of London .
WACO Classic Aircraft Corporation, founded in 1983 as the Classic Aircraft Corporation and located in Battle Creek, Michigan, is a manufacturer of general aviation airplanes .
The Far North Region , is the northernmost constituent province of the Republic of Cameroon .
Gregory Stuart Lee White better known as Vince White, was one of the guitarists recruited by The Clash to replace Mick Jones after he was fired from the band in 1983 .
In Greek mythology, Iamus was the son of Evadne, a daughter of Poseidon, sired by Apollo .
The British Central Africa Protectorate was a protectorate proclaimed in 1889 and ratified in 1891 that occupied the same area as present-day Malawi: it was renamed Nyasaland in 1907 .
CooRie is a self-produced Japanese music unit by singer-songwriter Rino that performs songs for anime and games .
The district of Mersch was one of the four districts of Luxembourg between 1857 and 1867 .
Victor Technology LLC is a supplier of printing calculators, scientific calculators, financial calculators, basic calculators, and desktop accessories with headquarters in Bolingbrook, Illinois .
KIT digital was a video management software and services company before filing bankruptcy in April 2013 .
Russification is a form of cultural assimilation process during which non-Russian communities, voluntarily or not, give up their culture and language in favor of the Russian one .
Katherine Patricia Irene Adams, Baroness Adams of Craigielea is a Scottish Labour Party peer, who served as Member of Parliament in the constituency of Paisley North from 1990 to 2005 .
Varbitsa is a village in northern Bulgaria, part of Pleven Province, Pleven Municipality, 13 km north-east from Pleven city .
Acron Group is a Russian group of interrelated companies and one of the leading global mineral fertilizer producers in the world .
The Vermont Housing Finance Agency is chartered as a private non-profit agency to finance and promote affordable housing opportunities for low- and moderate- income Vermonters .
In atomic physics and quantum chemistry, the electron configuration is the distribution of electrons of an atom or molecule in atomic or molecular orbitals .
Betsy Hands is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 99 since 2007 .
Rhoda Griffis is an American actress, perhaps best known for playing supporting roles both in independent and mainstream films and television .
New Century Capital Partners LLC is an independent investment banking firm focused on technology and digital media .
Sealion Shipping Limited is a British shipping and consultancy company specialized on the support of the offshore oil and gas industry .
Radio y Televisión de Andalucía is a public radio and television broadcaster in Andalusia, Spain .
AS Røra Fabrikker is a Norwegian company that is located in Røra in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway .
Softtek is a Mexican based information technology company, operating in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia .
Margaret Mazzantini which was adapted into a film of the same name and is directed by her husband Sergio Castellitto and stars Penélope Cruz .
Steven Leslie ""Steve"" Kagen is an American politician and physician who was the U .
The Oceanic Steam Navigation Company or White Star Line of Boston Packets, more commonly known as just White Star Line, was a prominent British shipping company, today most famous for their ground-breaking vessel Oceanic of 1870, and the Olympic class ocean liners, including the ill-fated RMS Titanic .
Grinlandia mentioned in several of the novels, but none of them are identified as a capital .
Alex White is a multi-instrumentalist who, along with brother Tom, forms the nucleus of Brighton band The Electric Soft Parade .
Scott Edward Adkins is an English actor and martial artist who is currently living in USA and who is best known for playing Yuri Boyka in Undisputed II: Last Man Standing and Undisputed III: Redemption, Bradley Hume in Holby City, Ed Russell in Mile High and as Hector in The Expendables 2 .
Doug Duffey is a singer, songwriter, pianist, bandleader, music arranger, record producer, music publisher, poet, diarist, photographer and visual artist .
Donald Campbell Clark Ford is a Scottish former international footballer, best remembered for his 11-year playing stint with Heart of Midlothian .
Amin Jensen is a Danish actor and comedian best known as television host for the popular Danish musical game show, Hit Med Sangen .
ILVA is a Danish chain of furniture stores, offering mostly Scandinavian-style bed-, dining- and living room products .
Sailana State was a princely state in India during the British Raj with an area of 769 km² .
Banque Zitouna is the first Islamic bank in Tunisia and the Maghreb region with the capital of $30 million, aiming at developing Islamic loan and saving products for businesses and individuals .
Bridgetown southeast of Bridgetown city centre, and has daily flights to major cities in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada and the Caribbean .
Cubika is an Argentine Software development and maintenance company directed at the corporate segment and based on new technologies such as Java , SOA, .
Bonefish Grill is an American casual dining seafood restaurant chain owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, headquartered in Tampa, Florida .
Atlantic Center for the Arts is a nonprofit, interdisciplinary artists’ community and arts education facility providing artists an opportunity to work and collaborate with contemporary artists in the fields of composing, visual, literary, and performing arts .
MaryJanice Davidson is an American author who writes mostly paranormal romance, but also young adult literature and non-fiction .
The United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia , had its own radio station and jail, and been responsible for promoting and safeguarding human rights at the national level .
Henk Angenent is a retired Dutch speed skater, specialising in marathon skating and the longer distances .
Nekobukuro Cat's House is a petting zoo for cats located on the eighth floor of the Ikebukuro Tokyu Hands store .
The Munster Republic was an informal and affectionate term used by Irish republicans to refer to the territory they held in the province of Munster at the start of the Irish Civil War .
MXW Pro Wrestling is an independent professional wrestling promotion founded and operated by former ECW manager and color commentator Joel Gertner .
HipSoft is a Redmond, Washington-based developer of casual video games founded in 2002 by three of the original founders of Monolith Productions: Brian Goble, Garrett Price, and Bryan Bouwman .
Yinmabin is a town and seat of the Yinmabin Township in the Sagaing Division in central Myanmar some 100 kilometres west of Mandalay .
Raj Chouhan is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia as the MLA for Burnaby-Edmonds in the 2005 provincial election .
Shea Curry is an American actress, perhaps best known for her role as the Lady's Maid Brigitte in The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement as Jenni .
Adlène Guedioura is a French born Algerian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Crystal Palace .
Ada ""Ace"" Vélez is a Puerto Rican female professional boxer who lives in Hollywood, Florida .
Salakanagara kingdom is the first historically recorded Indianized kingdom in Western Java, created by Indian trader after marrying a local Sundanese princess .
Ahmad Badreddin Hassoun — or Ahmad Badr Al-Din Hassoun — has been the Grand Mufti of Syria since July 2005 .
Matheus Leite Nascimento , simply known as Matheus, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Ukrainian club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk as a forward .
French Sudan under Modibo Keita became the most significant political force pushing for independence .
Effortel SA is a Mobile Virtual Network Enabler , and acts as an MVNO itself in partnership with Carrefour .
Abarth is a racing car and road car maker founded by Carlo Abarth of Turin in 1949 .
Aurecon is an engineering, management, design, planning, project management, consulting company based in Australia and South Africa .
Mark-to-market or fair value accounting refers to accounting for the ""fair value"" of an asset or liability based on the current market price, or for similar assets and liabilities, or based on another objectively assessed ""fair"" value .
Britannia Superior was one of the provinces of Roman Britain created around 197 AD by Emperor Septimius Severus immediately after winning a civil war against Clodius Albinus, a war fought to determine who would be the next emperor .
The Banu Qasi, Banu Kasi, Beni Casi or Banu Musa were a Basque Muladi dynasty that ruled the upper Ebro valley in the 9th century, before being displaced in the first quarter of the 10th century .
Eugenio Tavolara was an artist born in Sassari, Sardinia, Italy, with interests in many disciplines .
Cindy Marie Helene Plosjö is a Swedish model for magazines such as Cafe, Moore and Slitz .
Consorcio ARA is a Mexico-based construction company specialized in the construction, maintenance and commercialization of low-income, affordable entry-level, middle-income and residential buildings .
Derek Lam is an American fashion designer, known for using pretty, feminine fabrics combined with clean silhouettes .
Kingdom of Balhara is a fringe theory of some Bulgarian scientists place the date 7/6th century BC .
R&P Centre «Promelectronica» — The leading Russian company in the field of railway automatics and telemechanics .
The Reichskommissariat Norwegen was the civilian occupation regime set up by Nazi Germany in German-occupied Norway during World War II .
DLR Group is an architectural design firm providing architecture, engineering, planning, and interior design to clients throughout the United States .
Ciputat is a district in the city of South Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia and is inside the Greater Jakarta metropolitan area .
Gary Owen Lane for three seasons with the Cleveland Browns and the New York Giants from 1966 to 1968 .
Zou , was a minor state that existed during the Zhou Dynasty of ancient China .
Serif Ltd is an independent developer and publisher of software and was founded with the aim to develop low-cost alternatives to high-end desktop publishing and graphic design packages for the PC .
Bao Xian Fei is a wushu expert who lives and teaches wushu in the Netherlands .
Amna Buttar is a Pakistani Medical Doctor and a Member of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
PT Lapindo Brantas Inc is an Indonesian oil and gas exploration company, initially established as a joint venture between PT .
Karen Platt is a British gardening author and publisher, best known for the reference book Black Magic and Purple Passion .
In the context of the 20th-century history of the United States, the Second Great Migration was the migration of more than five million African Americans from the South to the North, Midwest and West .
The National Association of Cider Makers is an industry trade group that represents the UK cider industry .
The Video Journalism Movement, abbreviated VJ Movement, is a business and foundation headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands .
Shanti Dut is an award winning Hindi language newspaper published weekly in Suva Fiji and is owned by Mahendra Motibhai Patel .
Adam ""Messy"" Messinger is a Grammy Award winning Canadian songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist currently based in Los Angeles, California .
The Dark Lady Players are a New York-based Shakespeare company who perform what they regard as the religious allegories in the Shakespearean plays .
Tami Wiencek is a former member of the Iowa legislature, representing the 21st District in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2007 to 2009 .
Thomond is a region of Ireland associated with County Clare, County Limerick, north County Kerry and north County Tipperary; effectively most of north Munster .
JAM IP is a contact centre services organisation, specialising in consulting, professional services, software development, systems integration and managed services .
Jacob ""Jake"" Spiker Gibb is an American professional beach volleyball player, currently on the AVP Tour with current partner, Casey Patterson .
Moogo was an online website builder, which was designed for users who had little or no prior experience in website design, HTML or computer programming .
Iain Jenkins is an English-born former footballer who represented Northern Ireland at international level .
Eurysaces in Greek mythology was the son of the Telemonian Ajax and the former-princess captive-slave girl Tecmessa .
Avatele, , is a village on the southwest coast of Niue with a population of roughly 200 residents as of late 2007 .
The Lourdes Health System consists of two hospitals, Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center in Camden, New Jersey and Lourdes Medical Center of Burlington County in Willingboro, New Jersey .
The Free Knowledge Foundation is an organization aiming to promote Free Knowledge, including Free Software and Free Standards .
Patusan is a fictional country originating in the novel Lord Jim by Joseph Conrad, published in 1900 .
The Cape Colony was a British colony in present-day South Africa and Namibia, named for the Cape of Good Hope .
Fortress Investment Group, LLC is a leading global investment management firm based in New York City .
Continental Airport Express is a private shuttle van and bus service operating between Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, Chicago's Loop and various Chicago city and suburban hotels .
Peter Roth is an Israeli singer and record producer, and a member of the Israeli rock band Monica Sex .
Backyard Farms is a Portland, Maine agricultural company specializing in massive greenhouses to produce vine-ripened tomatoes .
Reginald Jeeves is a fictional character in a series of humorous short stories and novels by P .
General Shopping is a Brazilian shopping mall management company headquartered in São Paulo and founded in 1989 .
National Bank of Kenya , also known as National Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
NedTrain are the locomotive and rolling stock maintenance and repair company of the Dutch Railways company, Nederlandse Spoorwegen .
Mississippi Power , Singing River EPA, Southern Pine EPA, Dixie EPA, Pearl River EPA, and East Mississippi EPA - and one municipality, City of Collins, with wholesale electric power which, in turn, they resell to customers in southeast Mississippi .
Sea of Tunes was a music publishing company, founded in 1962 by Murry Wilson, father to three of the Beach Boys , to publish and promote the original songs written by Brian and Mike .
The Bench of Counts of Westphalia was one of the four comital benches of the Reichstag in the Holy Roman Empire .
Play it by Ear Productions was an audio theatre production company devoted to the development and distribution of original plays for radio, the internet, and compact disc; the company was founded in 2002 by actor producer Lance Roger Axt in New York City, New York .
Green Tomato Ltd is a mobile application service provider established in 2003 and headquartered in Hong Kong .
uniq is a Unix utility which, when fed a text file, outputs the file with adjacent identical lines collapsed to one .
The Allensbach Institute, formally the Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Research or Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Polling , is a private conservativeopinion polling institute based in Allensbach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany .
The Republic of New Granada was a centralist republic consisting primarily of present-day Colombia and Panama with smaller portions of today's Ecuador, and Venezuela .
Tongil Group is a South Korean business group as a nonprofit organization which would provide revenue for the church .
North American Medical Management develops and manages provider networks, offering a full range of services to assist physicians and other providers in their managed care and business operations .
Marchesa is a brand specializing in high end womenswear, established in 2004 by Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig .
Pol-ka Producciones is a television and film production company in Buenos Aires, Argentina, commonly referred to as Pol-ka .
Wied was a County of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located on the river Wied where it meets the Rhine .
Bridgepoint Education is a San Diego, California-based publicly held, for-profit education services company which owns online and campus-based Ashford University and University of the Rockies, a continuing education school Denver Learning Institute and proprietary technologies, such as Constellation, Thuze and Waypoint Outcomes .
Westshore Terminals Income Fund is a leading operator of coal export facilities in the Metro Vancouver area, with an export capacity of 29 million tones per year, handing around 200 ships per year .
BACCES is a non-profit charitable organisation which was originally set up in 1970 by two British European Airways stewards who wrote a comedy review and staged it at York House, Twickenham, UK for two nights .
Nathan Abraham Lauren Fagan-Gayle , known commercially as Nathan and more recently Starboy Nathan, is an English R&B singer, most famous for his Top 40 singles ""Come into My Room"" and ""Diamonds"" .
Tom Smith is a rugby union coach and former player born in London, England who represented Scotland and the Lions .
Alexander Petrovich Pogrebinsky is a Ukrainian-born American painter, the creator of the school of philosophical realism .
Galatia was the name of a province of the Roman Empire in Anatolia , in 25 BC, covering most of formerly independent Celtic Galatia, with its capital at Ancyra .
Rio Grande do Sul is a state located in the southern region of Brazil .
Cássio Albuquerque dos Anjos, simply known as Cássio , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Rio Ave F .
The Electorate of Bavaria was an independent hereditary electorate of the Holy Roman Empire from 1623 to 1806, when it was succeeded by the Kingdom of Bavaria .
Neowiz Games is an online game publisher in South Korea, with its own game portal, Pmang, publishing and servicing 41 diverse games of various genres, from sport to web board games .
Samchuly, is a leading bicycle company and is the largest bicycle manufacturer and retailer in Korea .
The Province of Rieti with a total population of 159,670 people as of 2013 .
Declan Lally, or Déaglán Ó Maolalaidh, is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays the left half forward position for the Dublin senior football team .
Takfarinas is the stage name of an Algerian Kabyle Yal musician who was born in 1958 .
Prince Nguyễn Phúc Bảo Thắng is the youngest son of Emperor Bảo Đại and Empress Nam Phương .
Mirka Mora is a prominent French-born Australian visual artist who has contributed significantly to the development of contemporary art in Australia .
Selangor also known by its Arabic honorific, Darul Ehsan, or ""Abode of Sincerity"" is one of the 13 states of Malaysia .
The Lithuanian–Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic was a Soviet socialist republic that existed within the territories of modern Belarus and eastern Lithuania for approximately five months during 1919 .
Reginald Calvert was the manager of The Fortunes pop group and singer Screaming Lord Sutch, and the owner of offshore pirate radio station Radio City .
Cheryle Robinson Jackson was appointed on October 2006 to be the first female president and CEO in the 90-year history of the Chicago Urban League .
Ngerulmud is the capital of the Republic of Palau, an island nation in the Pacific Ocean .
Rikesh Chauhan , better known by his stage name RKZ, is a British recording artist, writer, videographer and ambassador for Campaign Against Living Miserably .
Tim Wessel Vanhamel is a Belgian rock musician who has been a member of and performed with a number of bands including Evil Superstars, Deus and Eagles of Death Metal .
Aprile Millo is an American operatic soprano of Italian and Irish ancestry who is particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Giuseppe Verdi .
Pandan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Central Tapanuli Regency .
Southern Natural Gas Company, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a natural gas pipeline company that was founded in 1928 and is currently a division of El Paso Corporation .
Rob Byrnes is a 21st-century gay American, novelist and blogger, whose fiction focuses primarily on gay men and other sexual minorities .
Chapel Music, formerly Chapel Records is a record label in currently in Nampa, Idaho that releases religious music .
Mwanza is a mid-sized port city on the southern shores of Lake Victoria in northwestern Tanzania .
The Southern United States—commonly referred to as the American South, Dixie, or simply the South—is a region of the United States of America .
Renán Almendárez ""El Cucuy"" Coello, born November 18, 1953 in Honduras, is heard from 5 to 9:30 a .
Andrei Romanovich Chikatilo was a Soviet serial killer, nicknamed the Butcher of Rostov, the Red Ripper, and the Rostov Ripper, who committed the sexual assault, murder and mutilation of a minimum of 52 women and children between 1978 and 1990 in the Russian SFSR, the Ukrainian SSR and the Uzbek SSR .
Eurus Energy Holdings Corporation is a holding company of the Eurus Energy Group, Japan's largest wind power developer .
White Furniture Company, was a major American producer of hand crafted fine furniture for over a century, .
BDP, formerly known as Building Design Partnership, is a firm of architects and engineers employing over 800 staff in the UK and internationally .
The UNO Federal Credit Union, or UNOFCU, was chartered in 1972 by the National Credit Union Administration .
Yin Chang is an American actress, known for her lead role as Mei Kwan in the 2011 film Prom and her recurring role as Nelly Yuki on The CW's teen drama series Gossip Girl .
The Swedish Empire finally brought the great power era of Sweden to an end .
Habsburg Netherlands is the collective name of Holy Roman Empire fiefs in the Low Countries held by the House of Habsburg, and is also known as the Spanish Netherlands .
Kingstown is the capital, chief port, and main commercial centre of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
See Albani for other uses of that nameAlbani Bryggerierne A/S , a group of Danish regional breweries .
Disonance Recordings is an American recording and distribution label, started in 2001 by Adam Evans in St .
Becks Prime Equities, Ltd, also known as Becks Prime Restaurants, is a gourmet hamburger restaurant chain with locations in Greater Houston in Texas .
The Crimean Khanate , was a Turco-Mongol vassal state of the Ottoman Empire during 1478 to 1774, the longest-lived of the Turkic khanates that succeeded the empire of the Golden Horde .
The International Media Production Zone , it is located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates near Jumeirah Village South .
China National Materials Group Corporation or Sinoma, established in 1983, is a central government-administered enterprise directly under the administration of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People's Republic of China .
Ibom is an old word used by the Efik Eket people of Nigeria meaning the universe, the earth, or a community .
The city of Savannah, Georgia, the largest city and the county seat of Chatham County, Georgia, is referenced frequently in popular culture .
The Malwa Sultanate was a late medieval independent kingdom in the Malwa region of the present day Madhya Pradesh state in India in 1392–1562 .
Arthur Watts was an illustrator and artist who was killed in an airplane crash over the Swiss Alps .
West Anglia Great Northern was a train operating company in England owned by National Express, that operated the West Anglia Great Northern franchise from January 1997 until March 2004 and the Great Northern franchise from April 2004 until March 2006 .
TriGeo Network Security is a United States-based provider of security information and event management technology .
Omsktransmash - also known as ""Омский завод транспортного машиностроения"" based in the city of Omsk, Russia .
Mime Radio or ""The Mime Radio Recording Company"" was a Peterborough, Canada recording studio and independent record label run by engineer and producer Damon de Szegheo .
Thom Bierdz is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Phillip Chancellor III on the daytime drama The Young and the Restless, appearing from 1986 to 1989, returning for a ""dream sequence"" in 2004, and in a surprising twist, returned to the role in May 2009 .
Timothy ""Tim"" Campbell, MBE is an English businessman best known as the winner of the first series of the British version of The Apprentice, a BBC TV reality show in which contestants battle to win a £100,000-a-year job working for businessman Alan Sugar .
Suceava (Romanian pronunciation: [suˈt͡ʃe̯ava] is the seat of Suceava County, in the Bukovina region, in north-eastern Romania .
Mike Harrison is an English musician, most notable as a principal lead singer of Spooky Tooth and as a solo artist .
Jody Richards is a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, representing the 20th District since 1976, former Speaker, and current Speaker Pro Tempore, of the Kentucky House of Representatives .
Stopanska Banka AD is the oldest and currently the largest bank in the Republic of Macedonia by equity and branch network .
BridgeHead Software is a group of computer software and services companies mainly serving the healthcare sector .
The Republic of Lakotah or Lakotah is a proposed homeland in North America for the Lakota .
Zoe is a fictional character from the ABC daytime drama All My Children, and is credited as the first transgender character to appear on a soap opera at the beginning of a male to female gender transition .
Ratlam State was a princely state in British India, part of the Malwa Agency of Central India .
Filipe Miguel Delgadinho Albuquerque is a Portuguese race car driver, currently driving in the FIA World Endurance Championship .
Monica Migliorino Miller is professor of Sacred Theology and the Catholic Integrated Core Curriculum at St .
The Yusafzai State of Swat and continued within its 1947 borders until 1969, when it was dissolved .
Netconcepts is a web marketing and web development agency founded and headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin, specializing in SEO for Fortune 500 ecommerce companies and major media brands .
Eusebio Sacristán Mena , known as simply Eusebio in his playing days, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current coach of FC Barcelona B .
Puerto Francisco de Orellana, also known as Coca, is the capital of province of Orellana in eastern Ecuador .
The French Second Republic was the republican government of France between the 1848 Revolution and the 1851 coup by Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte which initiated the Second Empire .
Virtusa Corporation is a global information technology services company founded in 1996 with its headquarters in Westborough, Massachusetts, USA .
The Emirates of Ylaruam is a fictional nation located within the Mystara campaign setting, in the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game .
First established in 1978 , Bowen Designs is a company dealing in the creation and sale of entertainment-based collectible statues .
Ostrogothic Ravenna refers to the time period in which Ravenna was the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom in Italy .
The Free State of Bavaria , it is the largest state, making up almost a fifth of the total land area of Germany, and with 12 .
The Zanj Empire was a 19th-century political formation established by the Omani sultanate on the Swahili Coast .
Airwork Limited, also referred to during its history as Airwork Services Limited, is a wholly owned subsidiary company of VT Group plc .
Allen Leech , and known in his early career by his birth name Alan Leech, is an Irish stage, television and film actor .
The State of India, formally, Estado da Índia Portuguesa,and commonly Portuguese India, was a colonial state of the Portuguese Empire, founded six years after the discovery of a sea route between Portugal and the Indian Subcontinent to serve as the governing body of a string of Portuguese fortresses and colonies overseas .
The Crescent Theatre is a small, amateur theatre run mostly by volunteers, in Sheepcote Street, Brindleyplace, in Birmingham, England .
Daniel House is a business owner Z Records, a Seattle-based independent record label that released music by many bands including 7 Year Bitch, Built to Spill, Coffin Break, Engine Kid, The Gits, Hammerbox, Love Battery, The Melvins, The Presidents of the United States of America, Silkworm, and Skin Yard .
N’Djamena is the capital and largest city of Chad, with a population of 1,605,696 as of 2012 .
Based in Santa Monica, California, Myriad Pictures is a leading independent entertainment company specializing in production, financing and worldwide distribution of feature films and television programming .
Gunvor Engström, born December 29, 1950 in Betul, India, is Swedish business personality and civil servant .
Adam Taub is a documentary film director from Colorado whose films include La Quinceañera, Don Angelo, and El Duque de la Bachata .
Siemens VAI Metals Technologies based in Linz, Austria, is an engineering and plant building company for the iron and steel industry, for the flat-rolling sector of the aluminum industry and for open cast mining .
Autonomous oblasts of the Soviet Union were administrative units created for a number of smaller nations, which were given autonomy within the republics of the Soviet Union .
The Kingdom of Tavolara was an imaginary state claiming independence in the 19th and 20th centuries in Tavolara Island, off the northeast coast of Sardinia .
Blue Note Records is an American jazz record label, established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis .
Benoît Marie Rolland , is a bow maker and musician, currently established in Boston, Massachusetts .
Mitsui Group , Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Sapporo Breweries, Toray Industries, Mitsui Chemicals, Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Mitsui O .
Pax Americana Recording Company, also known as just PAX-AM, is a record label founded by Ryan Adams based on his recording studio PAX-AM in 2004 .
Swiss Drinks Limited is a Swiss company, known as Obermeilen, specializing in the production of fruit based products, flavorings and distillates for manufacturers of the food industry .
Ian Francis Jorgensen wrote and published another touring hand-book, this time for bands traveling internationally called ""D .
The Kingdom of Bonny is a traditional state based on the town of Bonny in Rivers State, Nigeria .
InterSystems Corporation is a privately held vendor of software systems and technology for high-performance database management, rapid application development, integration, and healthcare information systems .
Palatinate-Lützelstein was an ephemeral state of the Holy Roman Empire based around La Petite-Pierre , which he nevertheless was forced to pledge to Duke Charles III of Lorraine shortly afterwards .
The Beklan Empire is the fictional kingdom in which Richard Adams' novels Shardik and Maia take place .
Gateway Films/Vision Video is a Christian film company located in Worcester, Pennsylvania, notable for producing The Cross and the Switchblade and other award-winning films, docu-dramas and documentaries of interest to Christian audiences .
Jan Duursema is an American comic book artist known for her work on the Star Wars comics franchise .
The Second Polish Republic, Second Commonwealth of Poland or ""interwar Poland"" refers to the country of Poland between the First and Second World Wars , the Polish state was created in 1918, in the aftermath of World War I .
Lincat is an industrial catering and foodservice equipment company based in Lincolnshire that is represented on the Alternative Investment Market .
The Duchy of Olasko is part of the Kingdom of Roldem in the fantasy world of Midkemia by author Raymond E Feist .
Esztergom County was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day southern Slovakia and northern Hungary on both sides of the Danube river .
iCan Benefit is an insurance agency that provides access to a wide range of health care plans and lifestyle benefits, some of them through association membership in a not-for-profit corporation called the Healthcare Cost Containment United Association .
Promethean World plc is a global education company, that develops, integrates and implements learning environments .
The climate of the Nordic countries refers to a region in Northern Europe that consists of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden and their associated territories, which include the Faroe Islands, Greenland and Åland .
Attica is an administrative region that encompasses the entire metropolitan area of Athens, the capital of Greece .
The International Center for Human Development is a think tank and non-governmental organization in Armenia .
ING Vysya Bank and operating a pan-India network of over 1,000 outlets, including 527 branches, which service over two million customers .
Kano State is a state located in North-Western Nigeria and the most populous state of the Nigerian Federation .
The Duchy of Masovia with its capital at Płock was a medieval duchy formed when the Polish Kingdom of the Piasts fragmented in 1138 .
Bitzer SE is one of the leading companies in the area of refrigeration and air conditioning technology .
Global Knowledge Training LLC is an IT and Business skills training company headquartered in Cary, NC .
Formed in 1998, Canada's D-Trash Records started as an online collective by members of Cpuwar and DJ Rabies as the beginnings of an international network of electronic music artists .
Sumedang high and is usually climbed from the subdistrict of Cimalaka, 7 km from Sumedang .
Bank Refah Kargaran, also known as Bank Refah , is one of Iran's major banks .
Kevin Kallaugher is a political cartoonist for The Economist and the former cartoonist for the Baltimore Sun .
The Second Republic of Venezuela is the term used by historians for the reestablished Venezuelan Republic declared by Simón Bolívar on August 7, 1813 .
Mishon Ratliff , also known simply as Mishon, is an American singer, dancer and actor .
San Luis Potosí , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Enrique Morente Cotelo and jamming with musicians of all styles, without renouncing his roots in traditional flamenco singing, which he kept on cultivating .
The Parthenopean Republic was a French First Republic-supported republic in the territory of the Kingdom of Naples, formed during the French Revolutionary Wars after King Ferdinand IV fled before advancing French troops .
The Navegante Group is a gaming company based in Paradise, Nevada, specializing in areas of casino management, development, consulting and executive recruitment .
Bharat Forge Limited , the Pune based Indian multinational is a technology driven global leader in metal forming, having a transcontinental presence across eight manufacturing locations, serving several sectors including automotive, power, oil and gas, construction & mining, locomotive, marine and aerospace .
The Mahra Sultanate of Qishn and Socotra dynasty and is sometimes called Mahra State in English .
Cormac de Barra is a harpist, singer and television presenter and is part of the Moya Brennan Band .
Beylik of Erzincan was a principality in East Anatolia, Turkey in the fourteenth and early fifteenth centuries .
Inini was an inland territory of French Guiana, administered separately between 6 July 1930 and 19 March 1946, after which all of French Guiana became a department of France .
Palatinate-Sulzbach was the name of two separate states of the Holy Roman Empire located in modern Amberg-Sulzbach, Bavaria, Germany, ruled by a branch of the House of Wittelsbach .
YTB International, known as YTB Global Travel, Your Travel Biz or YTB, operates a multi-level marketing business through owner-affiliate websites offering travel, excursions, and lodging .
Nyamko Ana Sabuni is a Burundian-Swedish former politician who served as Minister for Gender Equality in the Swedish government from 2006 to 2013 .
The County of Edessa was one of the Crusader states in the 12th century, based around the town of Edessa .
AHT Cooling Systems is an Austrian company, active in both branches of industrial refrigeration and deep freezing, while its main areas of business are fridges and deep freezers for supermarkets, ice cream freezers and bottle coolers .
Volker Kriegel was a German jazz guitarist and composer born in Darmstadt, Germany, perhaps most noteworthy for his contributions to the European jazz rock genre and for his collaborations with the American vibraphonist Dave Pike .
Ben Granfelt second degree black belt in karate and brown belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu .
The Stato dei Presidi gave its former territories to Tuscany, to which they belonged until the Unification of Italy .
Flowers Foods, headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia, is a producer and marketer of packaged bakery foods in the United States .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Sindhi as of census 2001 .
La Monte Thornton Young is an American avant-garde artist, composer and musician, generally recognized as the first minimalist composer .
Balkan Samba Records is a small record label run by multi-stylist, multi-instrumentalist, composer and Grammy award winner Howard Levy .
Ken Pentel is an American politician, and a candidate for Governor of Minnesota for the Ecology Democracy Party .
UAE Exchange & Financial Services Ltd is a remittance and currency exchange company based in India, a part of the global UAE Exchange group .
Sugar Bowl is a ski and snowboard area in northern Placer County near Norden, California along the Donner Pass of the Sierra Nevada, approximately 46 mi west of Reno, Nevada on Interstate 80, that opened on December 15, 1939 .
The Taifa of Badajoz in succession, a second independent taifa was shortly recreated in Badajoz, existing from 1144 to 1151, when it fell again under Almohad dominion .
Regierungsbezirk Kleve was a Regierungsbezirk, or government region, of the Prussian Province of Jülich-Cleves-Berg .
Ron Tupa is a staff member of Democrats for Education Reform , a political action committee whose stated purpose is to support Democratic Party policies to reform American public education .
Limbdi is a city and a municipality in Surendranagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Maike Evers is a fashion model and former MTV VJ born and raised in Australia to a German father and a Filipino mother .
Cristalle Bowen, better known by her stage name Psalm One, is an underground hip hop artist based in Chicago, Illinois .
Morgan Schneiderlin is a French professional footballer who plays for English club Southampton and the France national team as a midfielder .
Tim Downs is an American author best known for his ""Bug Man"" series of novels featuring forensic entomologist Dr .
Situated between three major United States cities and on the border with Canada, there are many sources of media in Erie, Pennsylvania .
Battelle for Kids is a United States not-for-profit organization established through a partnership with the Ohio Business Roundtable and supported by an initial grant from Battelle Memorial Institute .
The Treaty of the Cedars was concluded on the Fox River, west of what is today the village of Little Chute, Wisconsin, on September 3, 1836 .
Todd Patrick , including Black Lips, Lightning Bolt, Black Dice, Mount Eerie, Deerhunter, Dan Deacon, Matt and Kim, Real Estate, Pictureplane, Woods, USAISAMONSTER, Dirty Projectors, Surfer Blood, TV on the Radio, Gang Gang Dance, DIIV, Teengirl Fantasy, Kitty, No Age, Vivian Girls, and others .
The Mahindra Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate headquartered at Mahindra Towers in Mumbai, India, with operations in over 100 countries around the globe .
Đồng Lê is a township in Tuyên Hóa District, Quảng Bình Province, Bắc Trung Bộ, Việt Nam .
Richard Bruning is an American graphic designer and comics creator who blogs as Apple computer devotee iSensei and working as a freelance designer and writer .
""The Buckskin Man Tales"" is a series of five novels by Frederick Manfred that trace themes through the 19th-century Great Plains .
Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited is engaged in port services in Tianjin Port, including container stacking and warehousing, non-containerised goods stevedoring and other various ancillary services .
Károly Ferenc Szabó , and served as Senator for Satu Mare County from 1990 to 2008 .
Peter Navarro is a Professor of Economics and Public Policy at the Paul Merage School of Business, University of California, Irvine and holds a Ph .
Joseph Rescigno is a conductor and Artistic Advisor and Principal Conductor of the Florentine Opera Company of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in the United States , Bruno Maderna, Gianandrea Gavazzeni, Carlo Moresco, and his uncle .
Not to be confused with Russian-Ukrainian Game Factory InteractiveThe Game Factory is a European video game publisher operating in Europe and North America .
Koingo Software, established in 1994, is a Canadian corporation that designs and distributes software for both Macintosh and Windows .
Adriana Reverón Moreno is a Spanish beauty queen from who represented her country in the Miss Universe 2010 and Miss Earth 2008 competitions .
Lydimar Carolina Jonaitis Escalona , best known as Ly Jonaitis, is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Venezuela 2006 pageant and then went on to compete at the Miss Universe 2007 pageant .
Kabwe is the capital of the Zambian Central Province with a population estimated at 202,914 at the 2010 census .
""Asia Society provides public and private forums for visiting political and business leaders from the Asian region as well as those from within Australia .
Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace is a British glamour model, fashion designer, magazine columnist, actress, and television & media personality .
Banana Fish is a classic shōjo manga by Akimi Yoshida which ran from 1985 to 1994 and spawned several mini-spin-offs: Private Opinion, Angel Eyes, X Men, and The Garden with Holy Light .
Westpac , is an Australian bank and financial-services provider headquartered in Westpac Place, Sydney, New South Wales .
The Colony of Vancouver Island , was a crown colony of British North America from 1849 to 1866, after which it was united with the mainland to form the Colony of British Columbia .
Caroline Casagrande is an American Republican Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 11th Legislative District since January 10, 2012 .
Larian Studios is a Belgian game developer which was founded in 1996 by Swen Vincke who derived its name from his dog, Pilar .
Socatel is the leading telecommunications and Internet service provider in the Central African Republic .
The Principality of Bulgaria was a de facto independent vassal of the Ottoman Empire established by the Treaty of Berlin in 1878 .
Macar , one of the Heliadae, a son of Rhodus and Helios, who became king of Lesbos .
Rehe , also known as Jehol, is a former Chinese Special administrative district and province .
Stheno , in Greek mythology, was the eldest of the Gorgons, vicious female monsters with brass hands, sharp fangs and ""hair"" made of living venomous snakes .
Playalitical is an American rap artist and the current President and CEO of Illuminated Entertainment Group .
Malheur Home Telephone Company, commonly known as Malheur Bell, was a rural telephone company operating in Oregon .
Kathy Hill is an American songwriter best known for her contribution to gospel music in the genre of children's music .
The Crozet Islands are a sub-antarctic archipelago of small islands in the southern Indian Ocean .
Super Saver Liquors, aka Super Saver Wines & Spirits is a liquor store franchise that sells wine, beer, liquors and liqueur .
Blood Orange Media creates and produces programming that spans travel, historical, lifestyle, human interest, business and world culture genres .
Stiebel Eltron is a company based in Holzminden, Germany that manufactures central heating products such as heat pumps .
Karine Vanasse is a French Canadian actress, most famous in Quebec for her award winning roles in films such as Polytechnique, Séraphin: Heart of Stone and Emporte-moi .
LightSquared is a company that seeks to develop a wholesale 4G LTE wireless broadband communications network integrated with satellite coverage across the United States using a block of frequencies located near the band used by the Global Positioning System , ""the federal agency that coordinates spectrum uses for the military and other federal government entities,"" that ""there is no practical way to mitigate potential interference at this time .
Andrei Oliver Braşovean aka ATMA , Germany, United Kingdom, Swiss, Denmark, Austria, Italy, Sweden, Bulgaria, Romania, Macedonia, Serbia, Chile, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Portugal, Russia, Ireland, Spain, Turkey, Greece and many more .
Maurizio Arcieri formerly leader of The New Dada, a 60s Italian Beat Music band, and a member of Krisma, was a successful singer in the 70s .
Joan Brown was an American figurative painter who lived and worked in Northern California .
Nils Slaatto was for more than two decades one of Norway's most prominent and influential architects, having a strong and distinctive impression on Norwegian architecture .
Royal Gold is a precious metals company with royalty claims on gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc at mines in over 20 countries it ranked 10th among the fastest growing small businesses in the United States, 79 spots higher than in 2008 .
Baan Kamlangchay is a home for demented patients from German-speaking countries, located in the village of Faham near Chiang Mai, Thailand .
Urban Christian Ahlin is a Swedish Social Democratic Party politician and the Speaker of the Riksdag since 2014 .
The Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union, now known as the Republic of Mordovia .
Founded in 1991, by Ralph Herzka Meridian Capital Group is a commercial mortgage brokerage firm, headquartered in Manhattan with key offices in major markets such as New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Florida, Illinois, California and Texas .
Kendall Payne is an award-winning singer-songwriter recording artist and currently serves as the Director of Contemporary Worship at Bel Air Presbyterian Church .
Phillip Andrew ""Phil"" Burton is a member of the Australian pop vocal band Human Nature with Toby Allen, Andrew Tierney and his brother Michael Tierney since 1989 .
The Special Region of Yogyakarta is a region of Indonesia on the island of Java .
Republic of Pińczów in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship liberated by joint forces of Polish Resistance formations: Home Army, People's Army and Peasants' Battalions, during a period from July 21 to August 12, 1944 .
Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill is a restaurant chain founded by the country music singer Toby Keith .
Jean McClain , better known as Pepper Mashay, is an urban/soul, house and dance music singer-songwriter who has had success as a touring and studio performer .
Mary Brown's is a Canadian fast-food restaurant chain most popular for its Big Mary sandwich, chicken and 'taters' or potato wedges .
Circuit Check is an American company with about 225 employees and seven direct operations in six countries .
Valentine Blanchard was a prominent English photographer who was widely recognized for his artistic and technical contributions in the early days of photography in the 1860s .
The Lincoln Group of Schools is a group of for-profit tertiary level vocational institutions consisting of 31 campuses and 5 training sites in 15 states in the United States .
The political term satellite state designates a country that is formally independent in the world, but under heavy political, economic and military influence or control of another country .
Laurel Johannesson is a Canadian artist who studied at the University of Calgary in Alberta , and the Royal College of Art in London, England .
Van Lanschot NV is a financial institution of Dutch origin offering private banking, asset management and merchant banking services .
Julia Brownley is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for California's 26th congressional district since 2013 .
Kota Pinang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of South Labuhan Batu Regency .
Wylie Galt Gustafson is an American singer-songwriter who has toured nationally and internationally with his band, Wylie & The Wild West .
Klaipėda is a city in Lithuania situated at the mouth of the Danė River where it flows into the Baltic Sea .
Red Robin Records was a record label that began in 1951 as ""Robin Records"" in New York .
The Hanley Economic Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Hanley, Stoke on Trent, Staffordshire .
Ipsos Business Consulting is one of several boutique global business consulting firms with special focus on market analysis .
Patrick Cassidy is an American actor best known for his roles in musical theatre and television .
Stunts Canada is a Canadian association which provides the film and TV industry with stunt performers, stunt coordinators, 2nd Unit directors, and action actors .
Spy Records was Italian record label, specializing in Italo dance and Eurodance, and owned by TIME Group .
Sedimental is an independent recording label based in Greenfield, Massachusetts releasing mainly experimental, sound art, noise, free jazz, avant garde and drone music .
Brite Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 2008 to develop custom ASIC design solutions to electronics customers worldwide .
Shunsaku Okuda is the leader of the Japanese rock/pop band, the brilliant green, where he plays bass guitar, rhythm guitar as well as composed the vast majority of the band's music .
Turtle Island Foods is the company which produces Tofurky, a popular vegetarian and vegan alternative to turkey, as well other meatless products .
These are the coats of arms of the states of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Los Santos is a province of Panama, reaching from the La Villa river in the North to the Pacific Ocean in the south and east .
Sasayama Domain was a Japanese domain of the Edo period, located in Tanba Province .
Integrated Risk Management Services is the trading name of a private security company Business Mobile Security Services Ltd based in Naas, Ireland .
Tanzania , officially the United Republic of Tanzania , is a country in East Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
Xperedon is an initiative started in 2010, intended to revolutionise the way people make charitable donations .
Buck Peterson containing cooking recipes for animals that have been struck and killed by motor vehicles, i .
Extreme Pizza is a privately held restaurant franchise chain specializing in conventional and California-style pizza, founded by Todd Parent and Michael Pastor in 1994 in San Francisco, California .
John Tesshin Sanderson is a Soto Zen roshi of the White Plum Asanga and spiritual director of the Centro Zen de México in Coyoacán, Mexico City, one of only twelve Dharma Successors of the late Taizan Maezumi .
Hellenic Register of Shipping was founded in 1919 and is active in the industry inspections and certifications of facilities and equipment as well as the Certification of Management Systems .
GREN Automotive Inc is a manufacturer of automotive brake components, specializing in OEM replacement pads and rotors .
The Aden Protectorate was a British protectorate in southern Arabia which evolved in the hinterland of the port of Aden and in the Hadramaut following the conquest of Aden by Great Britain in 1839, and it continued until the 1960s .
Manikrao Hodlya Gavit , he represented the Nandurbar from 1981 to 2014, winning the Indian general elections 9 times in a row which is a record .
Arsenal Real Estate Funds is a private equity real estate investment company founded in 2004 by three senior portfolio managers from the real estate investment arm of Prudential Financial and J .
Jillian Gell Skinner MP , an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Health and Minister for Medical Research in the New South Wales government .
Paper Resources was established in 1982 in Oxfordshire as a paper consultancy and supply company specialising in promotion and distribution of paper .
Konni is a traditional Hausa state in what is today south central Maradi Region Niger and north Sokoto State Nigeria .
The Landgraviate of Hesse-Marburg was a German landgraviate, and independent principality, within the Holy Roman Empire, that existed between 1485 and 1500, and between 1567 and 1604/1650 .
Moss Adams LLP is one of the 15 largest public accounting firms in the United States and provides accounting, tax and consulting services to public and private middle-market enterprises in many different industries .
The Lydia Lithos Dancetheatre or ""Χοροθέατρο Λυδία Λίθος"" was established in 1996 by the choreographer – dancer Spiros Bertsatos .
John Fanning has been criticized in the press and in a book about Napster written by author and journalist Joseph Menn .
PetMeds, also known as 1 800 Pet Meds, is an online pet pharmacy offering prescription and non-prescription pet medications and other health products for dogs, cats and horses .
Page Plus Cellular is a prepaid Verizon Wireless mobile virtual network operator in the United States operated by TracFone Wireless, Inc .
The Hashoo Group was established in 1960 by Saddaruddin Hashwani and is one of the larger conglomerates in Pakistan .
In Greek mythology, Rhacius was the son of Lebes, and the leader of the first Greeks to settle in Caria, and became King of Caria .
Minara Resources Pty Ltd is one of the major mining companies of Australia, specializing in the mining of cobalt and nickel .
Ventana Wildlife Society 3 non-profit organization founded in 1977 by a group of private citizens to restore endangered species native to central California .
Helitrans is a Norwegian helicopter and aircraft maintenance company based at Trondheim Airport, Værnes established in 1990 .
Daquq or Daquqa, Dakuk, Daqooq, Tavuk or Tawuq is an historically Assyrian town in Iraq south of Kirkuk .
Jacob Young is an American screenwriter, cinematographer, film editor and filmmaker best known for creating documentary films which explore the eccentric people living in his native Appalachia .
Georgi Sarmov is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Levski Sofia .
Howell Works was a bog iron-based production facility for pig iron which was established in New Jersey in the early 19th century by American engineer and philanthropist James P .
McCarter Theatre is a not-for-profit, professional company on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey .
The house of Baban and its opposition to centralization by the Ottomans and the Qajars .
Denki Kagaku Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha , also known as Denka, is a Japanese chemical company, established in 1915 and headquartered in Tokyo .
The Ethiopian Empire until 1975 when the monarchy was overthrown in a coup d'etat .
The Italian Empire ; in 1920, they also pressured Italy to remove its army from Albania .
The Duchy of Lorraine , was a duchy roughly corresponding with the present-day region of Lorraine in northeastern France, its capital was Nancy .
Theater Bonn is a theatrical organization that produces operas, musicals, ballets, plays, and concerts in Bonn, Germany .
Quickbrowse was a Web-based subscription service that enables users to browse multiple Web pages more quickly by combining them vertically into a single Web page .
Fort Vancouver was a 19th-century fur trading outpost along the Columbia River that served as the headquarters of the Hudson's Bay Company's Columbia Department, located in the Oregon Country .
Brad Cloepfil is an American architect, educator and principal of Allied Works Architecture of Portland, Oregon and New York City .
Dutch West India Company and the Americas, which included the Pacific Ocean and the eastern part of New Guinea .
BioWare is a Canadian video game developer founded in February 1995 by newly graduated medical doctors Ray Muzyka, Greg Zeschuk, and Augustine Yip .
Antonio Sicurezza was an Italian painter representative for the contemporary figurative art of the Lazio region, Italy .
Quality Markets was an American supermarket chain, with stores in Western New York and northwestern Pennsylvania .
The Asunafo South District is one of the twenty-two districts of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Italian Cyrenaica was an Italian colony, located in present-day eastern Libya, that existed from 1927 to 1934 .
Virginia City is a town in and the county seat of Madison County, Montana, United States .
Ricardo Caíto Risatti is an Argentine racing driver who has progressed through the ranks of formula single-seater racing in South America and Europe .
Associated Foods Holdings, also referred to as Associated Food Stores, Associated Supermarkets or Associated, is the largest group of independently operated supermarkets based in the New York metropolitan area .
Koleje Dolnośląskie is a regional rail operator in the Lower Silesian Voivodship of Poland .
Boyer Coe ; 1981 World Inv Cup 1st; 1981 Grand Prix Belgium 1st; 1981 Grand Prix Wales 1st; 1981 Grand Prix World 1st; 1982 Grand Prix Montreal 1st; 1994 Masters Olympia 3rd; 1995 Masters Olympia 10th .
The Mosquito Coast, also known as the Miskito Coast, historically comprised an area along the eastern coast of present-day Nicaragua and Honduras .
Phulra was a minor princely state in the days of British India, located in the region of the North West Frontier to the east of the nearby princely state of Amb .
Pixomondo is an international visual effects company with a global network of studios in Frankfurt, Munich, Stuttgart, Los Angeles, Beijing, Toronto and Baton Rouge .
Alice Graham Underhill was a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly, representing the state's third House district from 2001 to 2003 and again from 2005 until 2011 .
Life Line Screening is a privately run health screening company founded in Cleveland, USA in 1993 .
The County of Tecklenburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Lower Saxony .
The United Provinces of Central Italy, also known as Confederation of Central Italy or Government General of Central Italy, was a short-lived military government established by the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia .
Compass Minerals is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products .
Bonanza Air Lines was an airline It became an international airline soon before it merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West with flights to Mexico: DC-9s Phoenix to Tucson to La Paz to Mazatlán to Puerto Vallarta .
Thomas Fincke , in which he introduced the modern names of the trigonometric functions tangent and secant .
Demandware is a software technology company headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, providing a cloud-based e-commerce platform and related services for retailers and brand manufacturers around the world .
XBee is the brand name from Digi International for a family of form factor compatible radio modules .
Košice is the biggest city in eastern Slovakia and in 2013 was the European Capital of Culture together with Marseille, France .
First Community Bank , is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Northern Scottish Omnibuses Ltd, in Scotland, was a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group formed in June 1985 from Walter Alexander & Sons Ltd and operated until 1992, when it became Bluebird Buses Ltd .
Joshua Brown is the lead singer of Christian rock band Day of Fire, and was the lead singer of Full Devil Jacket until 2001 .
Albion Ventures LLP is a UK-based venture capital investor which has been managing investments since 1996 .
The Kingdom of Redonda is the name for the micronation associated with the tiny uninhabited Caribbean island of Redonda .
Upper Volta was a colony of French West Africa established on March 1, 1919, from territories that had been part of the colonies of Upper Senegal and Niger and the Côte d'Ivoire .
American Momentum Bank started in 2006 as the largest startup capitalization of any financial institution in Florida state history with $100 million in start-up capital .
Delta Cafés is a Portuguese coffee roasting and coffee packaging company headquartered in Campo Maior, Alentejo .
China Properties Group Limited or China Properties is a private property developer focusing on developing large-scale residential and commercial projects in major cities in China including Shanghai, Beijing and Kunshan .
The Ozark Valley Railroad is a 27 mile shortline railroad connecting Mexico, Missouri, and Fulton, Missouri .
Echo Digital Audio designs and manufactures various digital audio recording interfaces, midi interfaces, audio test equipment, custom professional audio products, and audio software .
Seán Dillon is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership .
The Lincs FM Group based in Lincolnshire, in the UK is the parent company of several Independent Local Radio stations .
Luxman is a brand name of Japanese Luxman Corporation , a company that manufactures luxury audio components .
Etro is an Italian luxury fashion house that produces ready-to-wear, shoes, jewelry, accessories, leather goods, textiles, home decor and perfumes .
Aaron Isaac Rosa is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Light Heavyweight division .
Victor Krummenacher is an American musician and bass guitarist who is a founding member of alternative rock band Camper Van Beethoven .
DovBer Pinson is a Chabad rabbi and modern Kabbalist, scholar, philosopher and spiritual teacher, living in Brooklyn, New York .
Tuvalu have appeared in the finals of the Oceanian Futsal Championship on three occasions in 2008, 2010, 2011 .
gEco Holdings, LLC , or gEco, is a leading cross-border market-entry consultancy for the licensing and commercialization of environmentally responsible technologies .
Not to be confused with the Treaty with the Umpqua and Kalapuya of 1854, also known as the Treaty of Calapooia CreekThe Treaty with the Kalapuya, etc .
Pharmadule was a Swedish company, specialized in design and construction of modular pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities in the same fashion as modular homes nowadays are being built .
Camargo Corrêa is one of the biggest Brazilian private conglomerates, composed of publicly traded and closed companies, and shared management, operating in Brazil and in more than 20 countries .
Idris Phillips is a musician, composer, songwriter, and music producer based in Nashville Tennessee, U .
iKloak or Goodfellas Online BV, founded in 1999, was a Dutch corporation that sold appliances and software, particularly in the realms of security and e-mail management .
The Mossi Kingdoms, sometimes mistakenly referred to as the Mossi Empire, were a number of different powerful kingdoms in modern-day Burkina Faso which dominated the region of the upper Volta river for hundreds of years .
Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball franchise located on the north side of Chicago, Illinois .
The Duchy of Naples , and rapidly became a de facto independent state, lasting more than five centuries during the Early and High Middle Ages .
Takrur, Tekrur, or Tekrour was an ancient state of West Africa, which flourished roughly parallel to the Ghana Empire .
Morris David Brough Pert was a Scottish composer, drummer/percussionist, and pianist who composed in the fields of both contemporary classical and jazz-rock music .
Dame Daphne Marjorie Sheldrick, DBE is a Kenya-based British author, conservationist and expert in animal husbandry, particularly the raising and reintegrating of orphaned elephants into the wild for over 30 years .
The ""Donation of Pepin"", the first in 754, and second in 756, provided a legal basis for the formal organizing of the Papal States, which inaugurated papal temporal rule over civil authorities .
The Commonwealth of the Philippines was the administrative body that governed the Philippines from 1935 to 1946, aside from a period of exile in the Second World War from 1942 to 1945 when Japan occupied the country .
Machel Montano , Destra, Walker Hornung, Vybz Kartel, Mohombi, G-Unit, Black Stalin, David Rudder, Buju Banton, Mr .
The Bihać Republic was a short-lived republic that existed between November 1942 and January 1943 in a liberated area of Nazi-occupied Yugoslavia .
The Federal State of Austria , was propaganda advocated by leading politicians such as Engelbert Dollfuß and Kurt Schuschnigg .
Ducati Energia SpA is an Italian company based in Bologna which produces electrical and electronic components .
Quincy Tan Jin Hong , is a popular Malaysian singer-songwriter who won Best New Comers in the 8th Asia New-Singer Singing Competition in Shanghai, China in 2005 .
LendingTree is an online lending exchange that connects consumers with multiple lenders, banks, and credit partners whom compete for business .
Chrisette Michele Payne , known professionally as Chrisette Michele, is an American Grammy Award-winning R&B and soul singer-songwriter .
Antonio ""Sonny"" Fuentes Trillanes IV is a former Navy Lieutenant Senior Grade and currently serving as a senator of the Philippines since 2007 .
Nichkhun Buck Horvejkul , is a Thai American singer, model and actor active in South Korea .
Mesopotamia was the name of two distinct Roman provinces, the one a short-lived creation of the Roman Emperor Trajan in 116–117 and the other established by Emperor Septimius Severus in ca .
Eurytus is the name of several characters in Greek mythology, and of at least one historical figure .
Charles Andrew Bothwell , better known by his stage name Astronautalis, is an American alternative hip hop artist currently based in Minneapolis, Minnesota .
Andrea Nebel , known under her artist name of Nebelhexë, is a German recording artist, writer, actress and model .
David Cappo AO is a social policy and reform advocate based in Adelaide, South Australia .
Mater Health Services North Queensland operates two private hospitals, one established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1945 named Mater Hospital Pimlico .
The Fitzrovia News is a free community newspaper produced entirely by volunteers living and working in Fitzrovia, London, United Kingdom .
Howes Lubricator is a manufacturer of oils, fuel additives and multi purpose lubricant, established since 1920 .
The Norwegian Defence Estates Agency is a Norwegian government agency responsible for the real estate belonging to the Military of Norway .
The Mid Wynd International Investment Trust is a publicly traded investment trust listed on the London Stock Exchange .
Steve Balsamo is a Welsh singer and songwriter, best known for playing the lead role in the London production of Jesus Christ Superstar during the mid-1990s and for his association with the late Jon Lord .
The Spicy Effect, commonly referred to as Spicy or Spicy Music, is a Greek independent record label founded in 2009 by songwriter and record producer Phoebus, in association with the investment arm of Nea Tileorasi .
RiverCity Motorway Group is a Queensland company that operates Brisbane’s first private tollway—the Clem Jones Tunnel .
The Westland Province was a province of New Zealand from 1873 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Amb was a princely state of the former British Indian Empire ruled over by the Tanoli tribe .
Elisa Francis Cariera , nicknamed ""Princess"", is an American singer, songwriter and best known as a member of the 90's English girlband Solid HarmoniE .
Changchun is the capital and largest city of Jilin province, located in the northeast of the People's Republic of China, in the center of the Songliao Plain .
Peter Maniatis in Melbourne, Australia is a TV host and boxing promoter, particularly known for his fashion sense and out-going personality .
Joseph Vito DeSantis was an American radio, television, movie and theatrical actor and sculptor .
Alipura was a princely state in what is today the Chhatarpur District in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane, the capital of the state of Queensland .
Ahmed Shaheed ޝަހީދު is a Maldivian diplomat and politician and an expert on human rights and advocate for democracy .
Susana Miller is one of the most prominent teachers and dancers of the modern milonguero style of tango .
US Bellows is a manufacturer of metal bellows, fabric expansion joints, and metallic expansion joints including refractory lined, hinged, gimbal, slip-type, in-line pressure balanced, and elbow pressure balanced expansion joints .
Janaki Ballabh Patnaik is one of his major contribution to the transportation and tourism of Odisha .
Monaco , officially the Principality of Monaco , but it participates in certain EU policies, including customs and border controls .
Nzérékoré, also spelled N'Zérékoré, is the second largest city in Guinea by population, after the capital Conakry and the largest city in the Guinée Forestière region of south-eastern Guinea .
Freedonian was probably first used by Americans immediately after the American Revolution in place of the demonym ""American"" .
Michaela Tabb is a Scottish professional snooker and pool referee who has established significant milestones for female officials in cue sports .
Nordic Capital is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions primarily in the Nordic region and the fitness club chain SATS .
Semiahmoo First Nation Semiahmoo Indian Reserve which is sandwiched between the boundary of White Rock, British Columbia and the Canada-United States boundary and Peace Arch Provincial Park .
Howard Phillips was a prominent businessman and philanthropist that was particularly active in the Central Florida area .
Nyeri Range, which forms part of the eastern end of the Great Rift Valley, and the western slopes of Mount Kenya .
Niara Scarlett is a British born singer-songwriter, perhaps most famous for her work with British production house Xenomania .
Dehns is a United Kingdom firm of patent and trade mark attorneys, with offices in London, Brighton, Oxford, Leeds and Munich .
The Map of Tendre in the first part of Madeleine de Scudéry's 1654-61 novel Clélie .
Morrison Records is an independent Australian jazz record label that is co-owned and run by James Morrison, his brother John Morrison and friend David Green .
CTLGroup is an internationally recognized expert consulting engineering and materials science firm that provides engineering, testing and scientific services to clients in the following markets: Building & Facilities; Emergent Solutions; Energy & Resources; Litigation & Insurance; Materials & Products; and Transportation .
Brain's Base is a Japanese animation studio founded in 1996 by former Tokyo Movie Shinsha staff .
Royal Air Freight is an American passenger and cargo airline based in Waterford, Michigan, adjacent to the Oakland County International Airport .
The Battle of Four Lakes was a battle during a US Army expedition against a confederation of Native American tribes in Washington and Idaho .
Health-on-Line Company UK Limited was established in 2000 and is a private medical insurance company based in Bournemouth, United Kingdom .
Enermax Technology Corporation is a designer and manufacturer of switching power supplies, PC cooling solutions, PC cases, and PC peripherals .
Daykundi , sometimes spelled as Daikundi, Dāykondī, Daikondi or Daykundi, is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the central part of the country .
Amrik Singh Dhillon, is a Punjabi Sikh Indian politician and Member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly for the constituency of Samrala .
San José de Ocoa is a province of the Dominican Republic, and also the name of the province's capital city .
Alliance Films was a major Canadian motion picture distribution production companies to distribute independent films outside the United States .
Cynergy Data is an American payment services provider, managing a portfolio of over 100,000 merchants processing $10 billion annually .
Alexandria Eschate Alexander built a 6 kilometer brick wall around the city which, according to the ancient authors, was completed in only about twenty days .
The Global Language Monitor is an Austin, Texas-based company that collectively documents, analyzes and tracks trends in language usage worldwide, with a particular emphasis upon the English language .
Dorothy Kathleen Benham is an American from Edina, Minnesota, who was Miss America 1977 and Miss Minnesota 1976 .
Protect-A-Bed produces mattress protection products that help protect against bed bugs, dust and allergens .
Robert to develop links between the UK and US on all aspects of policing policy .
Hinky Dinky was a supermarket chain based in Omaha, Nebraska, that operated mainly in Nebraska and Iowa .
Curb Appeal Records was an American record label founded in Kansas City, Missouri by The Get Up Kids guitarist and Blackpool Lights frontman Jim Suptic .
Nautic Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle market companies across a range of industries that includes business services, manufacturing, healthcare and communications .
Sun Yung Shin 신 선 영 , the first international anthology on the politics of transracial adoption edited by transracial adoptees .
Samantha Carrie Johnson is an actress, filmmaker, and beauty queen from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The province of Badajoz is a province of western Spain located in the autonomous community of Extremadura .
Frank Spotnitz is an American television writer and producer, best known for his work on The X-Files television series .
Joel Moon is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played for Salford of Super League until his transfer to reigning champions, Leeds in November 2012 .
Karunakara Guru , provides free vegetarian food to the visitors, services of ayurveda and siddha hospitals and panchakarma centres run by the ashram for rejuvenation treatmentAccommodation: AC and Non AC Rooms ranging from Rs .
Archbishop Jovan is an orthodox Macedonian cleric and head of the Orthodox Ohrid Archbishopric, an autonomous church that split off from the unrecognized Macedonian Orthodox Church in 2002 to seek reunification with the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć and the other Orthodox churches .
John Alan Belcher is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's middleweight division .
Tinopolis plc is a Welsh independent television production company, owned by its senior management and private equity company Vitruvian Partners .
Machanbaw is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar .
Bausch & Lomb, an American company founded in Rochester, New York, is one of the world's largest suppliers of eye health products, including contact lenses, lens care products, medicines and implants for eye diseases .
Nyfors Teknologi AB is a high-end supplier of advanced optical fiber handling equipment, based in Stockholm, Sweden .
Toledo do Brasil is a manufacturer and distributor of weighing instruments and balances for professional use, based in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil .
USA Trains is a manufacturer of G scale model railroad products that started out as Charles Ro Manufacturing Company .
Top Stop Music is an independent record label founded by Puerto Rican producer, Sergio George in 2009 based in Delray Beach, Florida .
Jan Michał Pieńkowski , a 24-page picture book that ""[u]ses the words of the Gospels of Luke and Matthew to present the story of the birth of Jesus .
Brainshark is a privately held technology company based in Waltham, Massachusetts that provides a sales enablement platform and product suite .
Bentley Motors Limited is a British luxury automaker, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the German company Volkswagen AG .
RedPrairie is a privately held supply chain, workforce and all-channel commerce software provider headquartered in Alpharetta, GA .
Lance Mackey is an American dog musher and dog sled racer from Fairbanks, Alaska, who is a four-time winner of the 1,000-mile Yukon Quest and four-time winner of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race .
Heather Doerksen is a Canadian actress who has appeared on stage, and on screen alongside such actors as Kathy Bates, William H .
Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation or APSRTC is the state-owned road transport corporation in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Logi Entertainment is a Korean company, established in April 2005, which specializes in producing music and entertainment .
Ferguson Marine Engineering Ltd is a shipyard located in Port Glasgow on the River Clyde in Scotland .
Jack Rush is an American non-fiction writer, screenwriter, and actor, who has appeared in tv shows, films, and stage plays since the early 1980s .
Kaduna is the state capital of Kaduna State in north-western Nigeria, on the Kaduna River, is a trade center and a major transportation hub for the surrounding agricultural areas with its rail and road junction .
BMCE Bank International, formerly known as MediCapital Bank Plc is an international bank specialising in Africa and regulated by the UK Financial Services Authority .
The Sokoto Caliphate was an Islamic state, the most powerful in West Africa in the nineteenth century .
The Munich–Augsburg Railway Company , the second private railway company in Bavaria, built the Munich–Augsburg line between 1838 and 1840 .
The Anatolic Theme were powerful individuals, several of them rising to the imperial throne or launching failed rebellions to capture it .
Justin Branam is an American singer/songwriter who resides in Nashville, Tennessee, United States and is signed with Seedcast Music Group .
Pioneer Kitchenware , formerly known as the Ghana Pioneer Aluminium Factory, is a kitchenware retailer in Ghana .
Gazaz Ltd is one of the largest South African computer hardware manufacturers and distributors .
Christian Manon, born 5 January 1950, is a French-Australian actor based in Sydney, best known for his work in theatre .
Arigo Padovan was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won stages in both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia .
Dmailer specialized in portable backup and synchronization software for a range of mobile devices, including USB flash drives, memory cards, external hard disk drives, MP3 players, embedded phone memories, SIM cards and flash-based memory cards for mobile phones .
Byumba Province was one of the 12 former provinces prior to its dissolution in January 2006 .
Karns Quality Foods, also known as Karns Prime & Fancy Food, is a privately owned supermarket chain in the Harrisburg metropolitan area of Pennsylvania .
Murfin Music International and Murfin Media are companies run by Muff Murfin, and are based at The Old Smithy Studios in Kempsey, Worcestershire, England .
Mechel is one of Russia’s leading mining and metals companies, comprising producers of coal, iron ore in concentrate, steel, rolled steel products .
Non-recourse debt or a non-recourse loan is a secured loan that is secured by a pledge of collateral, typically real property, but for which the borrower is not personally liable .
Knipping Verbindungstechnik GmbH is a German company that specializes in fasteners and related products .
Stavropol Soviet Republic was part of the RSFSR in the territory of Stavropol Guberniya of the Imperial Russia .
John Jovino Gun Shop or the John Jovino Company is a firearms dealer and factory located at 183 Grand Street, in Little Italy, a neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
In Greek mythology, Rhoeo ; she then put him on the altar of Apollo and prayed to the god that the baby be saved if it was his .
Walter Micallef is a leading Maltese singer songwriter, born in the central Maltese town of Birkirkara .
Meidensha Corporation is a Japanese, Tokyo-based company, engaged in the manufacturing and selling of generators, substation equipment, water treatment equipment, electronic equipment, and information equipment .
The Twin City Rapid Transit Company , was a transportation company that operated streetcars, and buses in the Minneapolis-St .
The State of Kharan was an autonomous princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India, until the departure of the British from the subcontinent in August 1947 .
Qurghonteppa Oblast was an administrative subdivision in Tajikistan until 1992, when it was merged with Kulob Oblast to create Khatlon Province .
Marc Janko is an Austrian footballer who plays as a striker for Australian A-League club Sydney FC and the Austrian national team, which he currently captains .
Partsrederiet Kystekspressen ANS branded as Kystekspressen or the Coast Express is a shipping company that operates passenger ferry services between Trondheim and Kristiansund, Norway .
Solimpeks is a Turkish company dedicated to manufacture and market solar thermal and photovoltaic thermal hybrid solar collectors worldwide .
The Dutch Gold Coast or Dutch Guinea, officially Dutch possessions on the Coast of Guinea was a portion of contemporary Ghana that was gradually colonized by the Dutch, beginning in 1598 .
Political media are communication vehicles owned, ruled, managed, or otherwise influenced by political entities, meant to propagate views of the related entity .
Sibolga is a city and a port located in the natural harbour of Sibolga Bay on the west coast of North Sumatra province, in Indonesia .
Spicy Horse is a Shanghai-based independent video game developer started by American McGee, Anthony Jacobson, and Adam Lang in 2007 .
Bremen-Verden, formally the Duchies of Bremen and Verden , were two territories and immediate fiefs of the Holy Roman Empire, which emerged and gained Imperial immediacy in 1180 .
Guitars in the Classroom , The D'Addario Music Foundation, The Bill Graham Memorial Foundation, The Wishlist Foundation, as well as individual donors .
The Radio Research Consortium is a non-profit research company based in Olney, Maryland which provides listener data on radio audiences to non-commercial stations in the United States .
Nadeem is a Pakistani actor, singer, producer who has acted in several films, telefilms, and TV drama serials .
The County of Holzappel was an immediate state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Adam Rankin ""Stovepipe"" Johnson was an antebellum Western frontiersman and later an officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Spanish West Africa is a former possession in the western Sahara Desert that Spain ruled after giving much of its former northwestern African possessions to Morocco .
Ben McCrow is a British Death Metal and Punk vocalist known for his work with Gorerotted, The Rotted and most recently Extreme Noise Terror .
The Prince-Bishopric of Warmia , King Frederick II guaranteed the free exercise of religion for the Catholics, so the religious body of the Roman Catholic diocese continued to exist, known since 1992 as the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Warmia .
Solent Blue Line Ltd, which trades primarily under the name Bluestar, is a bus operator providing services in Hampshire .
Ilana Mercer is a writer, born in South Africa to Rabbi Ben Isaacson and raised in Israel, where the family decided to move after Rabbi Ben Isaacson's anti-apartheid preaching and activism led to their harassment by South African security forces .
Fürstenberg-Pürglitz was a line of noble family hailing from southwestern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, which was seated at Křivoklát Castle in Bohemia .
In Greek mythology, Metion was a son of King Erechtheus of Athens or of Eupalamus, son of King Erechtheus .
Hamsika Iyer is an Indian singer based in Mumbai—born in Pune and brought up in Mumbai .
HP Enterprise Services is the global business and technology services subsidiary of Hewlett Packard's HP Enterprise Business strategic business unit .
The Sātavāhana Empire was a royal Indian dynasty based from Dharanikota and Amaravati in Andhra Pradesh as well as Junnar in Maharashtra .
The West Indies Sugar & Trading Company Ltd is a partnership between the government of Barbados and the private sector in order to help support the Barbados sugar industry, primarily through the production, marketing and export of a premium sugar brand, Plantation Reserve .
Chris Pinnick is an American guitarist and songwriter, probably best known for his work with the band Chicago from 1980-1986 .
Blangpidie or Blang Pidie is a town in the Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the capital of Southwest Aceh Regency .
Carbon Poker is a major poker room that is part of the Australian-based Merge Gaming Network .
Flad Architects is an employee-owned, national architectural firm with offices in Madison, Wisconsin; Atlanta, Georgia; Tampa, Florida; Raleigh, North Carolina; San Francisco, California; and New York, New York .
The Dhamra Port is a major newly developed Port in Bhadrak district, Odisha, India, on the shore of the Bay of Bengal about seven kilometers from the old port of Dhamra .
Derek Robert Hussey is a Ulster Unionist politician from Northern IrelandHussey was educated at Omagh Model School, Omagh Academy and Stranmillis College, Belfast .
AE Smith & Son Pty Ltd is the largest privately owned commercial air-conditioning and mechanical services contractor in Australia focusing on heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, electrical, controls, fire protection, construction and commissioning .
Sachin is one of the major Industrial city in Surat Metropolitan Region in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Charles Frederick Sabel is an American academic and professor of Law and Social Science at the Columbia Law School .
Burnbrae Farms - Burnbrae Farms is a Canadian producer and processor of eggs, supplying grocery store chains, the food service industry, large bakeries and industrial customers .
Basseterre , estimated population 15,500 in 2000, is the capital of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies .
The North Borneo Chartered Company or British North Borneo Company was a chartered company assigned to administer North Borneo , which means ""I undertake and I achieve"" .
Mah Sing Group Berhad is a Bursa Malaysia-listed Malaysian real estate developer and plastic products manufacturer .
Tasikmalaya is a city in southeastern West Java, Indonesia, located between Bandung and Purwokerto on the southerly of the two major road routes across Java .
In the mortgage industry of the United States, A-paper is a term to describe a mortgage loan for which the asset and borrower meet the following criteria: In the United States, the borrower has a credit score of 680 or higher The borrower fully documents his income and assets The borrower's debt to income ratio does not exceed 35% The borrower retains 2 months of mortgage payments in reserves after closing The borrower injects at least 20% equityThe A series is also an ISO 216 series of paper sizes .
RFUGrey is a primarily freeform hardcore label located in the UK and promoting the distribution of free music .
Jacques Schwarz-Bart , showed him how to play the seven fundamental rhythms: Toumblak, Graj, Lewoz, Kalagya, Padjanbel, Mende, Woulé .
San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca , with more than 200,000 counting the suburbia, what represents around 70% of the population of the province .
The Eastern Wei followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei, and ruled northern China from 534 to 550 .
Schoolwires, Incorporated is an educational website, hosting and content management provider headquartered in State College, Pennsylvania, USA .
Pacitan in the west, Ponorogo Regency and Wonogiri Regency in the north, Trenggalek Regency in the east, and Indian Ocean in the south .
Poorman Mayfield Music Group is record label group founded in 2009 by Grammy-winning jazz trumpeter and bandleader Irvin Mayfield .
ILD Teleservices, is a clearing house for LEC billing and alternative payment options, such as e-checks, ACH and micro payments .
Evil Controllers is a Tempe, Arizona-based company operated by brothers Adam and Jonah Coe that modifies Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 controllers .
Schau's Buss is a bus company that operates routes in Vestby, Oslo on contract with Stor-Oslo Lokaltrafikk .
Balige is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Toba Samosir Regency .
Tommy McKearney was a hunger striker and member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army .
The Kingdom of Ceredigion was one of several Welsh kingdoms that emerged in 5th-century post-Roman Britain .
Germany is made up of sixteen states, known as Bundesländer and in areas where they have legislative authority they have limited powers to conclude international treaties with the consent of the federal government .
MANWEB was the regional electricity supplier and distributor for Merseyside, North Wales and parts of Cheshire .
Rowa Automatisierungssysteme GmbH is market leader for automated stock handling in pharmacies and hospitals with its storage and dispensing systems .
Denmark–Norway is a former political entity consisting of the united kingdoms of Denmark and Norway, including overseas Norwegian dependencies of Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands, and the Northern Isles .
Ric Fierabracci is an American Professional Bassist who has toured and/or recorded with such artists as Frank Gambale, Chick Corea, Sir Tom Jones, Dave Weckl, Bradley Joseph, Shakira, Nancy Sinatra, Planet X, The 5th Dimension, The Beach Boys, and Yanni .
The European Broadcasting Union is an alliance of public service media entities, established on the 12 February 1950 .
Shabbir Ahmed is a writer of books in both Urdu and English on history and Islam .
Wheelchair & Ambulatory Sports USA , also known as Junior Nationals, the longest continually run competition for athletes with disabilities in the United States .
Sho Ito is a Japanese football player who plays for Japanese team Shimizu S-Pulse and represented Japan's Under-20 team at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship .
The Fiji Broadcasting Corporation and its first free-to-air television FBC TV was launched on 25 November 2011 .
Camp Wekeela is a 60-acre sleep-away summer camp in Maine with close to 300 campers and 135 employees .
Nord Stream AG is a consortium for construction and operation of the Nord Stream submarine pipeline between Vyborg in Russia and Greifswald in Germany, a project initially promoted by Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and President Vladimir Putin .
Joanna McCallum having previously been Chairman and being involved in the charity for many years .
MSDSonline is a private company that creates programs designed to organize material safety data sheets for other businesses .
The Southern Court whose claims to sovereignty during the Nanboku-chō period spanning from 1336 through 1392 were usurped by the Northern Court .
DuPont Danisco Cellulosic Ethanol LLC is a 50/50 joint venture between DuPont and Genencor, a subsidiary of Danisco .
Joyce Carol Thomas is an African-American poet, playwright, motivational speaker, and author of more than 30 children's books .
The Essex was a brand of automobile produced by the Essex Motor Company between 1918 and 1922 and by Hudson Motor Company of Detroit, Michigan between 1922 and 1932 .
The Empire of Great Kesh is a fictional nation on Midkemia, a world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E .
Johan Bergqvist is a keyboard-based singer pop band Nutmeg as well as a frequently hired freelance musician .
Madison Dearborn Partners is an American private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts of privately held or publicly traded companies, or divisions of larger companies; recapitalizations of family-owned or closely held companies; balance sheet restructurings; acquisition financings; and growth capital investments in mature companies .
Eric Stenman is an American record producer or bass in bands like Elegy, Bureau of the Glorious, and Tinfed .
Estonia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 20 times since making its debut in 1994 .
Marilyn Grace Bell Di Lascio is a retired long distance swimmer, born October 19, 1937, in Toronto, Ontario .
Errol Lee, the son of music producer Bunny Lee and singer Merlene Webber was born in Kingston Jamaica .
The NWA Central States Television Championship was the secondary singles chamoionship for the Heart of America Sports Attractions / Central States Wrestling promotion from 1977 until the promotion ceased to exist in 1988 .
The County of Sicily was a Norman state comprising the islands of Sicily and Malta from 1071 until 1130 .
Cahaba, also spelled Cahawba, was the first permanent state capital of Alabama from 1820 to 1825 .
Herschel Shmoikel Pinchas Yerucham Krustofski, better known as Krusty the Clown, is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Space Imaging Middle East LLC , as part of a survey to monitor the production of illicit crops .
Skip James Holm is a retired pilot who lives on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada .
Oerlikon Balzers is a part of the OC Oerlikon group, a Swiss technology conglomerate, and a supplier of PVD coatings .
Created by Jean de Brunhoff between 1931 and 1937, Babar's Kingdom, also known in French as Le pays des Éléphants .
Zhili until the province was dissolved in 1928 during the Republic of China era .
SDE Sea Wave Power Plant is a type of renewable energy power plant utilizing sea wave energy for the production of electricity .
Malabo is the capital of Equatorial Guinea, located on the northern coast of Bioko Island it is also the second largest city in the country, after Bata in Río Muni on the African mainland .
The original Columbia Restaurant, located in the historic Ybor City neighborhood in Tampa, Florida, is the oldest continuously operated restaurant in Florida, the oldest Spanish restaurant in the United States and one of the largest Spanish restaurants in the world with 1,700 seats in 15 dining rooms taking up 52,000 ft² over an entire city block .
Martin Aitchison was an illustrator for the Eagle comic from 1952 to 1963, and then one of the main illustrators for Ladybird Books from 1963 to 1990 .
Abakaliki is the capital city of the present-day Ebonyi State in southeastern Nigeria, located 64 kilometres southeast of Enugu .
Chechen National Okrug was an administrative division of the early Russian SFSR, one of the seven national okrugs into which the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was divided .
The Vilayet of Kosovo , where distinct Ottoman architecture and public baths were erected, some of which can still be seen today .
The National Student Travel Foundation – NSTF - was founded by public deed in 1977 .
Licchavi was an ancient kingdom in Nepal, which existed in the Kathmandu Valley from approximately 400 to 750 .
Kota Kinabalu formerly known as Jesselton, is the capital of the state of Sabah, located in East Malaysia .
Brooktree was an American company founded in 1983 by Henry Katzenstein to commercialize a faster hardware architecture for digital to analog converters, three to eight times faster than the converters then on the market .
In Greek mythology, Cretheus ; Myrina, who married Thoas; and an unnamed daughter, who became the mother of Asterius by Teutamus .
Bernard Sidney Dittman was the longtime owner, president, and general manager of radio stations WABB and WABB-FM in Mobile, Alabama .
Cape Verde was a colony of the Portuguese Empire from the initial settlement of the Cape Verde Islands in 1462 until the independence of Cape Verde in 1975 .
Penelope Anne Corrin on the Fringe Festival circuit, with performances in Vancouver, Ottawa, Montreal and New York .
Dredging, Environmental and Marine Engineering NV is an international group of specialised companies in the field of capital and maintenance dredging, land reclamation, port infrastructure development, offshore related services for the oil & gas industry, farshore windfarm installation, environmental remediation a .
Mary Forrest George, née Baxter is a British-Canadian writer of 31 historical romance novels from 1986 to 2010 .
Chattanooga Corporation is an American developer of technology for unconventional oil, particularly for tar sands and shale oil extraction .
The term citizen media refers to forms of content produced by private citizens who are otherwise not professional journalists .
The Empire of Brazil was a 19th-century state that broadly comprised the territories which form modern Brazil and Uruguay .
The Hindu–German Conspiracy Trial commenced in the District Court in San Francisco on November 12, 1917 following the uncovering of the Hindu–German Conspiracy for initiating a revolt in India .
GTCR LLC is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout, leveraged recapitalization, growth capital and rollup transactions .
Jeffrén Isaac Suárez Bermúdez , simply known as Jeffrén, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Valladolid as a forward or winger .
Multi-percussionist Renzo Spiteri is a versatile solo artiste and session musician who creates ""a sheer mesmerising atmosphere whenever he performs"" .
Robert Hampton ""Robbie"" Rogers is an American professional soccer player who plays for LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer .
San Marino, officially the Republic of San Marino , with a figure comparable to the most developed European regions .
Bank of Scotland International was the international banking division of Bank of Scotland plc, part of Lloyds Banking Group .
Drammen Kommunale Trikk was a Norwegian company that operated the Drammen trolleybus and bus system between July 1, 1947 and 1981, though the trolleybus system was closed in 1967 .
Julia Gray, formerly Julia Johnson, is a London-born singer-songwriter and a founder-member of Post Trip-Hop band Second Person .
The American Mime Theatre is a professional performing company and training school based in New York City .
Lourdes Virginia Moran Poe, generally known as Lovi Poe , is a Filipina actress and singer .
Thomas Leo McCarey was a three-time Academy Award winning American film director, screenwriter and producer .
Stefan Arndt is a German film producer and managing partner of X Filme Creative Pool, which he started with fellow friends Tom Tykwer, Wolfgang Becker and Dani Levy .
Georgi Bliznashki is a Bulgarian politician and a former Member of the European Parliament .
Fever Records was the New York City freestyle record label of the 80s, founded by promoter Sal Abbatiello .
Kelly Bell and worked on the night show and in 2012 has done the occasional day show .
The New Haven Colony was a small English colony in North America, in what is now the state of Connecticut, from 1637 to 1664 .
The Thornbridge Brewery is an independent brewery founded and formerly situated in the grounds of Thornbridge Hall near Bakewell, Derbyshire, England .
The Kilwa Sultanate was a Medieval sultanate, centered at Kilwa , whose authority, at its height, stretched over the entire length of the Swahili Coast .
The Princely State of Beja was a semi-sovereign kingdom of India with the title of Thakur .
María Irene Fornés is a Cuban-American avant garde playwright and director who was a leading figure of the Off-Off-Broadway movement in the 1960s .
Francis Preston Whitehair was an American politician and statesman most notable for having served as Under Secretary of the Navy as part of the Truman Administration .
Chi-X Global is a global, consortium-backed operator of alternative equity trading venues that compete with primary exchanges .
China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited , or China Resources Power, was incorporated and registered in Hong Kong in 2001 .
All By Students Notebooks is a college marketing company that partners with universities across the United States to spearhead a free school supplies initiative for students .
The Kingdom of Aragon was a medieval and early modern kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula, corresponding to the modern-day autonomous community of Aragon, in Spain .
Dhundhar, also known as Jaipur region, is a historical region of Rajasthan state in western India .
The Weaver Popcorn Company, based in Van Buren, Indiana, is one of the largest popcorn companies in the United States .
Verity Helen Firth from 2007 to 2008, Minister for Climate Change and the Environment in 2008, and as the Minister for Education and Training from 2009 to 2011 .
Palatinate-Lützelstein-Guttenberg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around La Petite-Pierre in the far northeast of France .
A self-governing colony is a colony with an elected government in which elected rulers are able to make most decisions without referring to the colonial power with nominal control of the colony .
Chitral was a princely state in alliance with British India until 1947, then a princely state of Pakistan until 1969 .
Craig Linton Estes is a Republican member of the Texas Senate representing the 30th District .
Ronald Steven Calderon was a Democratic California State Senator from the 30th Senate District .
Richard Morel is an American singer-songwriter, DJ, remixer and record producer from the suburbs of Boston, Massachusetts .
Dubai Aviation Corporation , is a low-cost airline with its head office and flight operations in Terminal 2 of Dubai International Airport .
Fundoo T is an internet-based ongoing t-shirt design competition targeting customers of 14+ who make up a world-wide community of graphic designers, artists, and everyday t-shirt consumers .
Marcher Radio Group Ltd, previously Marcher Sound Ltd, was a former British media organisation which operated several radio stations in north Wales and north west England .
The British Thyroid Foundation is a UK-based, patient-led, registered charity dedicated to supporting people with thyroid disorders and helping their families and people around them to understand the condition .
Wied-Neuwied was a German statelet of northeastern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located northeast of the Rhine River, north and inclusive of Neuwied .
Eyal Golan , is a popular Israeli singer of Yemenite and Moroccan Jewish origins who sings in the Mizrahi style and considered one of the most successful singers of the Mizrahi genre in Israel .
The Dairy Industry Association of Australia is a not-for-profit industry association for dairy product manufacturers and allied trades .
The Azerbaijan People's Government was a short-lived government in northern Iran from November 1945 to November 1946 .
Tyler Media Group, also known as Tyler Broadcasting Corporation or simply Tyler Media, headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, is a media company which owns five television stations .
The Kingdom of Ireland was a state in Ireland from the proclamation of King Henry VIII of England as King of Ireland by the Crown of Ireland Act 1542 until the Acts of Union 1800 .
The European Union comprises 28 member states, which are party to the founding treaties of the union and thereby subject to the privileges and obligations of membership .
Michael Knighton is an English businessman, best known for his involvement in Manchester United and Carlisle United football clubs .
Bloch Publishing Company is the oldest Jewish publishing company, and one of the oldest ongoing family businesses, in the United States .
Melbourne Wireless is a non-profit project to develop a community wireless network in Melbourne and end recurrent telco fees .
The Duchy of Nysa was one of the duchies of Silesia with its capital at Nysa in Lower Silesia .
New Reliable Press is a Canadian based comic book and graphic novel publishing company, owned and operated by Ed Brisson .
Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko was a fugitive officer of the Russian FSB secret service who specialised in tackling organised crime .
Shannon Sturges is an American actress, best known for her role as Reese Burton Peterson in The WB primetime soap opera Savannah .
Musicadium was a global digital music and video distribution service that operated between 2006 and mid-2010, based in Brisbane, Australia, until they were bought over by Valleyarm .
Tirelli Costumi Roma is a Rome-based costume house, which supplies period costumes to motion picture productions .
Alexander ""Sandy"" Stoddart and read the History of Art at the University of Glasgow .
Angelina Napolitano or Angelina Neapolitano was an immigrant to Canada who murdered her abusive husband in 1911, igniting a public debate about domestic violence and the death penalty .
Submissionist was the term used by southern secessionists in the year preceding the American Civil War to describe southerners who wanted to preserve the Union .
Sri Lanka Ports Authority is the state-owned operator of major commercial ports in Sri Lanka .
Ram Ji Lal Suman is an Indian politician for the Firozabad in Uttar Pradesh .
Ryohei Odai , is a Japanese actor and voice actor probably best known for providing the voice of Orga Sabnak in Gundam Seed and portraying Shuichi Kitaoka/Kamen Rider Zolda in Kamen Rider Ryuki .
The Duchy of Magdeburg was a province of Brandenburg-Prussia from 1680 to 1701 and a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1701 to 1807 .
The Axholme Joint Railway was a committee created as a joint enterprise between the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and was established by the North Eastern Railway Act of 31 July 1902 .
The Free Hanseatic City of Bremen in the North of Germany, separated from each other and surrounded by the larger state of Lower Saxony .
The Fox Broadcasting Company , is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox .
Electricity North West is a British electricity distribution network operator, responsible for the administration and maintenance of the network that distributes electricity throughout the North West of England .
William ""Bill"" James Robert Shillito , more commonly known as DM Ashura, is an electronic artist whose work can be found in the music games O2Jam, Dance Dance Revolution, StepMania, beatmania IIDX, Flash Flash Revolution, Pump it Up Pro 2 and Pump it Up Fiesta EX .
Graphic Universe, an imprint of Lerner Publishing Group, was launched in 2006 and publishes books in graphic novel format .
Assen is a municipality and a city in the northeastern Netherlands, and is the capital of the province of Drenthe .
Accelrys is a software company headquartered in the United States, with representation in Europe and Asia .
Allegiance Communications is an American provider of cable TV, broadband Internet, and VOIP telephony services to rural and mid-size markets in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, and Texas .
Kunnskapsforlaget is a Norwegian publishing company based in Oslo that concentrates on encyclopedias, encyclopedic books, textbooks, and dictonaries .
Illovo Sugar Limited based in Mount Edgecombe, Durban, South Africa is Africa’s biggest sugar producer and has extensive agricultural and manufacturing operations in six African countries .
The Confederate Monument of Bowling Green, in Bowling Green, Kentucky, is among the sixty-one monuments of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission, all of which became part of the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997 .
Igor Lukanin is a former competitive ice dancer who competed internationally for Azerbaijan with Kristin Fraser .
Blowtorch Entertainment is a new media company that was co-founded by Kelly Rodriques and Paul Schiff starring Bijou Phillips, and is in post-production on the feature film Tenure .
Yuval Steinitz is an Israeli politician and Knesset member for Likud since 1999 .
UAZ is an automobile manufacturer based in Ulyanovsk, Russia which manufactures off-road vehicles, buses and trucks .
Ayşe Arman is a Turkish journalist, and a regular columnist in the newspaper Hürriyet .
Andrew ""Andy"" Bolton is an English powerlifter and strongman who was born in Dewsbury, Yorkshire .
The Knight Capital Group was an American global financial services firm engaging in market making, electronic execution, and institutional sales and trading .
Santa Bárbara Sistemas is a Spanish defense contractor based in Madrid, integrated under the European Land Systems of General Dynamics .
The Duchy of Oświęcim , was one of many Duchies of Silesia, formed in the aftermath of the fragmentation of Poland .
Imo State is one of the 36 states of Nigeria and lies in the south eastern of Nigeria with Owerri as its capital and largest city .
Royal Copenhagen, officially the Royal Porcelain Factory is a manufacturer of porcelain products and was founded in Copenhagen 1 May 1775 under the protection of Queen Juliane Marie .
Travis Shook is a jazz pianist who made his eponymous Columbia Records debut in a quartet that included Tony Williams and Bunky Green .
French Cameroons , or Cameroun, was a French colonial Mandate territory in French Equatorial Africa, now part of Cameroon .
Azure Capital Partners, founded 2000, is an early stage venture capital firm that invests in the information technology industry using an investment research approach to venture capital investing .
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG , commonly known as BMW or BMW AG, is a German automobile, motorcycle and engine manufacturing company founded in 1916 .
China National Building Material Company or CNBM , established in 1984, is a state-owned enterprise administrated by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, engaging in cement, lightweight building materials, glass fiber and fibre-reinforced plastic products and engineering service businesses .
Bahgat Group is a group of companies in Egypt that manufacture electronics, household appliances, furniture, and medical equipment .
Pagaruyung was the seat of the Minangkabau kings of Western Sumatra, though little is known about it .
Andriy Sokolenko is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Balance Consulting LLC is a company that provides training and advisory services for tax information reporting , accounts payable, and sales and use tax to businesses .
Falcon International Bank is a Texas community bank founded in 1986 and headquartered in Laredo, Texas .
Stolt-Nielsen Limited is the world’s leading provider of integrated transportation and storage solutions for specialty and bulk liquid chemicals and a wide range of other liquid products .
Elopak is a Norwegian company producing cartons for liquids, starting with aseptic gable top cartons for milk .
Northern Spy Records is a record label founded in 2010 by Tom Abbs and Adam Downey .
The Billung March , granting him control of the border with rule over the West Slavic Obotrite tribes, including the Polabians, Warnabi and Wagri, as well as the Redarii, Circipani, and Kissini tribes of the Veleti confederation, and the Danes, who had repeatedly campaigned the territory .
Greenwood Hall is a publicly traded educational technology company that provides cloud-based people and technology solutions designed to help post-secondary institutions better manage the student lifecycle .
World Champion Records is an independent record label owned by members of the band FM Belfast .
Shui On Land Limited is the flagship property company of the Hong Kong-based Shui On Group .
X-Ray Kid Studios is a privately held entertainment company specializing in Video Game Development, Comic Books, Television Production and Film based in Newport Beach, California and Seattle, Washington, U .
Mercuria Energy Group Ltd is a Swiss privately held international commodity trading company active over a wide spectrum of global energy markets including crude oil and refined petroleum products, natural gas , power, coal, biodiesel, carbon emissions, base metals and agricultural products .
Kasumi Suzuki is a Japanese actress born on June 21, 1990 in Kanagawa, Japan .
North Carolina from the coast, the western, mountainous part of the state has a subtropical highland climate .
Frank Arnold is a former men's basketball coach who coached at Brigham Young University from 1975–1983 and at the University of Hawaii from 1985-1987 .
Fariñas Transit Company is one of the major Philippines public transport companies connecting the Luzon provinces to the national capital in Manila .
Owl Goingback is an American author of horror and children's books, a fiction ghostwriter, and a writer of non-fiction .
Karang Baru is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Aceh Tamiang Regency .
Michael Gurley is an American musician whose musical talents have been featured in many successful rock bands including dada and Butterfly Jones .
KC Porter and for producing and penning some of the most popular Spanish language singles for Ricky Martin to date .
Global Marine Systems is a specialist provider of installation, maintenance and repairs of submarine communications cable for the Telecommunications, Oil & Gas and Deep Sea Research industries a known leader in subsea engineering .
Scotland is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain .
Alan Mark Grayson is the United States Representative for Florida's 9th congressional district and a member of the Democratic Party .
Firstsource is a provider of Business Process Outsourcing services headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India .
The Ghantewala Halwai in India It has catered to Mughal Emperors, Presidents and Prime Ministers of India, from Nehru to his grandson Rajiv Gandhi .
NebuAd was an American online advertising company based in Redwood City, California, with offices in New York and London and was funded by the investment companies Sierra Ventures and Menlo Ventures .
Wine to Water is a non-profit organization focused on providing clean water to people around the world .
Al Fajer Group Dubai, United Arab Emirates is a nationally owned holding company established in 1970 by Sheikh Hasher bin Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai's ruling family .
Palatinate-Simmern-Sponheim was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based in the County Palatine of Simmern and the Palatinian portion of the County of Sponheim in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The Singing Machine Company is a public company listed on the OTC Bulletin Board under the ticker symbol SMDM .
East Sumatra was a component state within the Republic of the United States of Indonesia, which existed between 1949 and 1950 .
IMAGICA Corporation is a Japanese post-production company for movies, television programmes and commercials, etc .
In Greek mythology, Termerus , for it seems Termerus killed passengers that he met by running with his head against them .
Kudremukh Iron Ore Company Ltd is a Government of India enterprise with its head office in Bangalore .
Penn-Grover Envelope Corporation based in Long Island City, New York was a major printer of envelopes and direct mail components primarily for financial institutions .
The Abu Dhabi Investment Council is an investment arm of the Government of Abu Dhabi .
Khaniadna is a town and a Nagar Palika in Shivpuri district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Casa de Cadillac is a Buick Cadillac dealership located on 14401 Ventura Boulevard, in Sherman Oaks, CA .
Collarity is a privately funded web services company based in Palo Alto, California that provides a recommendation system, social search, and online advertising services for web publishers .
Dame Sarah Ann Swift, GBE, RRC was a nurse and founder in 1916 of the Royal College of Nursing, thereby introducing Nurse registration .
Kutkai is a town and seat of Kutkai Township, in the Shan State of eastern-central Burma .
Aek Kanopan is a town or subdistrict in North Labuhan Batu Regency, North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of North Labuhan Batu Regency .
Peak Resorts is a privately owned Missouri-company that operates ski resorts in the Midwest and Northeast United States .
sE Electronics is a microphone and studio monitor manufacturer, based in Shanghai, China and Hitchin, England .
Jasmine Rosemary Cresswell is a best-selling author of over 50 romance novels as Jasmine Cresswell and Jasmine Craig .
The Little App Factory is a software company based in Sydney, Australia which develops software for the Mac OS X platform .
Darren Foreman , better known as Beardyman, is a British musician from London renowned for his beatboxing skills and use of live looping technology .
Huppenkothen GmbH & Co KG is a company specializing in compact and mini excavators in Europe .
Camp Nelson Confederate Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Cabot in northern Lonoke County, Arkansas and is the site of Confederate military camp where 1,500 Confederate soldiers died during an epidemic during the fall of 1862 .
Chur or Coire is the capital of the Swiss canton of Graubünden and lies in the northern part of the canton .
Gareth David-Lloyd is a Welsh actor best known for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television programme Torchwood .
Great American Cookies is a chain of independently owned and operated franchised stores that specialize in gourmet cookies .
José Rafael Peralta represents District 13 in the New York State Senate, which includes the Queens neighborhoods of Corona, East Elmhurst, Elmhurst, Jackson Heights and Woodside .
In Greek mythology, Theona was a daughter of Dymas, a sister of Hecuba and wife of Amycus .
Mermaid Theatre of Nova Scotia was co-founded in 1972 in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, by the late Evelyn Garbary, Tom Miller, and Sara Lee Lewis who continues to serve as Managing Director .
The Kingdom of Portugal was a monarchy on the Iberian Peninsula and the predecessor of modern Portugal .
Gonzalo Manuel García García , known as simply Gonzalo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta FC as an attacking midfielder .
The Archaic Southwest was the culture of the southwestern United States between 6500 BC and 200 AD .
Opes Prime Group Limited was an Australian securities lending and stockbroking firm which suffered a dramatic collapse in 2008 .
Maria Vidal in 1984; it also reached #8 on the US dance charts, #5 in South Africa and #11 in the UK .
Galletas Gullón in 1892, Gullón is the leading producer of biscuits in Spain, with an annual production of 102 million kg and a turnover of 163 million euros in 2009 .
Artem Serhiyovych Starhorodskyi is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Shakhtyor Salihorsk in the Belarusian Premier League .
Birely, Hillman & Streaker was a prominent Philadelphian shipbuilding firm through the latter part of the 19th century .
Och-Ziff Capital Management Group is an American hedge fund manager and global alternative asset management firm .
The Association of Youth Organizations Nepal is a non-political, non-religious, non-governmental, not-for-profit, autonomous network of Youth Organizations and as such, a platform for collaboration, cooperation, joint action and collective endeavor between Youth Organizations in Nepal .
Anastasia Nabokina is a Russian ballerina born on 14 February 1971 in Moscow, Russia .
Gustavo Edgardo Cordera is an Argentine rock musician, best known as the ex frontman of the band Bersuit Vergarabat .
Mong Pan, Mongpan or Möngpan is a town and seat of Mong Pan Township in the southern Shan State of Burma .
Blake Leyh and sound design for the films of Julie Taymor, Ang Lee, Spike Lee, John Waters, and James Cameron .
Kennet Partners is a private equity investment firm that provides growth capital to information technology, Internet and business services companies in Europe and the US .
Strategic Marine Pty Ltd is a Western Australian-based shipbuilding company with facilities at Henderson in Western Australia, Vung Tau in Vietnam, Tuas in Singapore and Mazatlán in Mexico .
The Stickeen Territories , also colloquially rendered as Stickeen Territory, Stikine Territory, and Stikeen Territory, was a territory of British North America whose brief existence began July 19, 1862, and concluded July of the following year .
Monica Rich Kosann is a fine art black-and-white photographer, who is also the founder of the Monica Rich Kosann a, jewelry, home decor and accessory company .
Princess Marie of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, RE is the second wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark .
International Intelligence Limited is a United Kingdom based company that operates in the security and intelligence sectors .
Crescent City Records was a New Orleans, Louisiana based record label of the mid-20th century that issued Dixieland jazz recordings .
Oxi Fresh Carpet Cleaning is a carpet, upholstery, and tile and grout cleaning company, ranked the 3rd Top New Franchise in 2011 by Entrepreneur Magazine .
Not to be confused with Shenzhen Investment, another company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange .
The Council on State Taxation is a state tax organization representing business taxpayers, noted by one prominent tax policy expert as the “most influential nongovernmental organization in the state tax policy arena .
The Damaturu Emirate is a Nigerian traditional state based in Damaturu, the capital of Yobe State, Nigeria .
The Merton Parkas were a mod revival band, formed in the Merton area of South London in the mid-1970s, by Danny Talbot .
Ramon Del Barrio on ABC’s primetime hit Making the Band, Principal Choreographer and Co-Director for critically acclaimed musical Sisterella, winner of NAACP Award including Best Musical, Best Director and Best Musical Staging and Choreography .
Thaddeus Stanley Golas was an American author best known for his 1971 book The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment .
Elizabeth Price Foley is an American legal theorist who writes and comments in the fields of constitutional law, bioethics, and health care law .
Geoffrey Zanelli or Geoff Zanelli is a composer working primarily in the medium of film music .
Simon Collins is a British-Canadian musician, drummer and lead vocalist of the progressive rock band, Sound of Contact .
Mariental is a city of 10,000 inhabitants in south-central Namibia, lying on the B1 national road 145 miles .
The Kingdom of Iceland was a constitutional monarchy that existed through the Act of Union with Denmark signed on 1 December 1918 .
Premier Executive Transport Services was an airline listed as Foreign Corporation in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
The Ligurian Republic was a short-lived French client republic formed by Napoleon on 14 June 1797 .
Herff Jones manufactures and sells educational recognition and achievement products and motivational materials, and has been in continuous operation for 95 years .
Ensto is a Cleantech company specializing in electrical systems and supplies for the distribution of electrical power as well as electrical applications .
Lillehammer Olympiapark AS, trading as Olympiaparken, is a company established following the 1994 Winter Olympics to operate the Olympic venues in Lillehammer, Norway .
Minyue was an ancient kingdom located in what is now the province of Fujian in southern China .
Gary Daniel Liddle is an English footballer, who plays for Bradford City as a midfielder or defender .
The Chechen–Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, or Chechen–Ingush ASSR : 611,405 being Chechens, 134,744 Ingushes, the rest being Russians and other ethnic groups .
""Toronto's enterprising One Little Goat Theatre Company"" is North America’s only theatre company devoted to modern and contemporary “poetic theatre .
The Nebraska Methodist Health System, also known as Bestcare, is a nonprofit Nebraskan healthcare organization that was founded in 1982 .
Patrick Joseph ""Pat"" Murphy is the Iowa State Representative from the 99th District and won the Democratic nomination in a five-way Democratic Primary to replace current Congressmen Bruce Braley, who is running for the US Senate .
The Azerbaijan Rural Investment Project The objective of the project is to improve the living standards of communities that participate by increasing their access to infrastructure services, by the building and/or repair of roads, health clinics, schools, footbridges, electrical resources, potable water resources, and irrigation and drainage systems .
Robert Venable is a GRAMMY Award-nominated, GMA Dove Award-winning producer, mixer, and engineer, currently based in Nashville, TN .
Paul Gardner , a nonprofit group providing leadership at the Capitol and within industry to promote recycling .
Zultys is a manufacturer of Voice-over-IP , a wide variety of IP business telephones, web and audio conference solutions, contact center systems and unified communications solutions through a global network of Zultys Certified Partners .
Qatar , is a sovereign Arab country located in Southwest Asia, occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
Pfizer UK is the principal subsidiary of the multinational pharmaceutical company Pfizer in the United Kingdom .
Newgate Clocks is a British company that design and manufacture decorative wall, mantel and alarm clocks for the home and gift industry .
Ralf Wadephul, born 1958 in Berlin, is a German keyboardist/composer who collaborated with Tangerine Dream .
The District of Columbia statehood movement is a political movement that advocates making the District of Columbia a U .
The Conch Republic have been described by some as ""tongue-in-cheek"", they were motivated by frustrations over genuine concerns .
Earth-Touch is a South Africa-based multimedia company that disseminates its content across multiple platforms, including television networks, video and DVD, the Internet and mobile phones .
The Banner of the Holy Roman Church was the battle standard of the Papal States during the Renaissance and a symbol of the Roman Catholic Church .
CURRENT Group provides real time distribution grid visibility through intelligent sensing and analytics for Smart Grid projects with utilities worldwide .
Alan Light is an American journalist who has been a rock critic for Rolling Stone and the editor-in-chief for both Vibe and Spin .
MTI ShowSpace is a non-profit social networking site for people involved in musical youth theatre and putting on live Broadway shows – like High School Musical, The Music Man, Aladdin, Jr .
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd is an Indian subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline plc, one of the world's leading research based pharmaceutical and healthcare companies .
The Kingdom of Gomma was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 18th century .
Doosan Engine started out in 1984 with an annual capacity of 200,000 bhp , as well as diesel generator engines up to 200MW .
Cembrit is a of the distributor and manufacturer of fibre-cement products in Europe and offers a range of fibre-cement based products for roofing, interior cladding and exterior cladding .
Top Rope Promotions, formerly known as Yankee Pro Wrestling, is a Northeastern independent professional wrestling promotion based in New Bedford, Massachusetts and is the largest promotion in the southern New England-area rivaling other Northeastern promotions including Chaotic Wrestling, the Millennium Wrestling Federation and New England Championship Wrestling .
California Newsreel, founded in 1968, is an American non-profit, social justice film distribution and production company based in San Francisco, California .
Morari Bapu in both Gujarati and Hindi all over the world—including in India, the United States, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Kenya, Uganda, on a cruise ship in the Mediterranean Sea, and on an airplane travelling the world—since the mid-1970s .
Grinding Tapes Recording Company is an independent record label that documents Boston's indie folk music scene .
Nanchang is the capital of Jiangxi Province in southeastern China, located in the north-central portion of the province .
Brian Temba is a South African born performer, singer, songwriter and producer, known for his recent role as Ranthumeng Mokoena in the South African soap opera Muvhango and his role as Simba in the West End musical The Lion King .
Galen Partners is a leading growth equity late stage venture capital firm that invests in high-growth healthcare firms already generating revenue and focuses on healthcare technology enabled services, medical devices and specialty pharmaceutical companies .
Allco Financial Group was a fully integrated global financial services business, listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and headquartered in Sydney, Australia .
The Paris Decorators Corporation was founded in 1911 and operated a chain of nine furnishing stores in the metropolitan New York City area .
Ziehl-Abegg SE is a German manufacturer of fans for ventilation and air conditioning applications, as well as drive technology for elevators and motors with matching control technology .
O'Brien & Gere is a national provider of engineering, construction, and operational services for: industrial, municipal, Federal, food and beverage, higher education, and life sciences clients .
Jack Frost is the guitarist/founder of the heavy metal band Seven Witches and also a part of The Bronx Casket Company .
BioInformatics, LLC is a life science consulting firm, based in the United States, that provides market intelligence to companies serving the life science, medical device and pharmaceutical industries .
Robert Kurtzman is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and special make-up effects creator .
Vantec Thermal Technologies is a privately held multinational corporation with headquarters and an R&D team in the US, sales/purchasing office in Taiwan and factories in Taiwan, Korea and China .
Pape Malickou Diakhaté is a Senegalese professional footballer who currently plays for Kayseri Erciyesspor, on loan from Granada CF, as a central defender .
The Duchy of Normandy grew out the 911 treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and Rollo, leader of the Vikings, known as Northmen, or Nortmanni in Latin .
The Holy Roman Empire was a multi-ethnic complex of territories in central Europe that developed during the Early Middle Ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806 .
The Independent Financial Centre of the Americas is the world's first privately operated and independently regulated international financial centre .
The Rus' Khaganate is the name applied by some modern historians to a polity that was postulated to exist during a poorly documented period in the history of Eastern Europe, roughly the late 8th and early-to-mid-9th centuries AD .
The Chester Rolling Mill was a large iron rolling mill established by shipbuilder John Roach in Chester, Pennsylvania, United States in 1873 .
Benedek Broadcasting is a former television broadcaster, who owned and operated 22 network-affiliated television stations throughout the United States, all affiliated with major television networks, serving mainly small and medium-size markets .
George Soros and provided one of Europe's largest higher education endowments to Central European University in Budapest .
The term Vermont Republic has been used by later historians for the government of what became modern Vermont from 1777 to 1791 .
Georgia in total area, including expanses of water that are part of state territory .
Size Five Games is a British independent video game developer founded by Dan Marshall in 2008 .
Flipkart is an Indian E-Commerce company established in 2007 by Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal .
Nesodden–Bundefjord Dampskipsselskap, Nesoddbåtene or NBDS is a Norwegian shipping company that operates the passenger ferry in Oslofjord .
Alison Pargeter is an English actress who played the roles of stalker Sarah Cairns in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, also Mary Slessor in an 11-part television series of Mary Slessor, and the Nag's Head barmaid called Val in the BBC Only Fools and Horses prequel Rock & Chips .
Roock Racing is an auto racing team based in Leverkusen, Germany that was highly successful in numerous sports car and endurance racing series during the 1990s .
Camilla Marie Beeput also known simply as Camilla or Camilla Marie, is an English singer, and stage and television actress born in Westminster and raised in Brent, both in North London .
Trimedia International was a pan-European PR agency employing around 600 staff in 30 offices and 11 European countries .
Cristina Goettsch Mittermeier in Mexico City, Mexico is a marine biologist, photographer and biochemical engineer .
Andrea Consigli is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Sassuolo .
Mosul is a city of over a million people in northern Iraq, some 400 km north of Baghdad .
The County of Gützkow , that was turned into a castellany when subdued by the Dukes of Pomerania .
Charleston is the oldest and second-largest city in the State of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Las Bela was a princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India in the extreme southeast of the Balochistan region, with an extensive coastline on the Arabian Sea to the south .
Carlos Minc Baumfeld is a Brazilian geographer, professor, environmentalist, politician and Minister of Environment in Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's second term as president of Brazil .
The Briad Group are based in Livingston, New Jersey with over 100 franchise locations in the United State under the brands T .
Drusilla of Mauretania may be the Drusilla mentioned by Tacitus as a granddaughter of Antonius and Cleopatra .
The California Republic was a short-lived, unrecognized state that, for a few weeks in 1846, militarily controlled the area to the north of the San Francisco Bay in the present-day state of California .
Virgin Unite is the working name of The Virgin Foundation, the independent charitable arm of the Virgin Group .
The County of Mark is — for the most part — merged in the present Ruhr area .
Guanajuato is a city and municipality in central Mexico and the capital of the state of the same name .
Paul Jacobs at the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011 for his recording of Messiaen: Livre Du Saint-Sacrement .
Aker Philadelphia Shipyard, formerly Kværner Philadelphia Shipyard, is a commercial shipyard located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States on part of the site of the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard .
Rey or Ray [Pronunciation: rā] , as does the Encyclopædia Iranica published by Columbia University .
OJSC Kremenchukm'yaso is a Ukrainian Open Joint Stock Company that belongs to a Finances and Credit Group .
The Marshall Islands, officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands or the Assemblies of God .
Socorro Alicia ""Cory"" Rastrollo Quirino , born August 11, 1953, is a Filipina author, and television and radio host .
There is also another company, within the EURONEXT group, with the same name that is based in Portugal .
Diagonal View is a Multi Channel Network founded in March 2008 by Matt Heiman and Steve Carey, together with ITN .
The Kingdom of Cusco was a small kingdom in the Andes that began as a small city-state founded by the Incas around the 12th century .
Holly Throsby for 'Best Children's Album' for her alternative kid's album, See!; as well as a nomination as part of her band, Seeker Lover Keeper, with Sally Seltmann and Sarah Blasko .
The Viceroyalty of New Granada was the name given on 27 May 1717, to a Spanish colonial jurisdiction in northern South America, corresponding mainly to modern Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, and Venezuela .
Griqualand East , was one of four short-lived Griqua states in Southern Africa from the early 1860s until the late 1870s and was located between the Umzimkulu and Kinira Rivers, south of the Sotho Kingdom .
Davis Food City was a supermarket chain headquartered Houston, Texas, United States, founded in 1965 and closed in 2007 .
Edgardo Migriño Chatto , also known as Edgar Chatto, is a Filipino politician .
Rigatta SIA is a licensed Latvian telecommunications company that provides telephony and network support services in the Baltic states and Frankfurt .
Wem Brewing Company is a micro brewery in Wem Shropshire, established in 1988 that produces a range of ales .
Šibenik is a historic town in Croatia, located in central Dalmatia where the river Krka flows into the Adriatic Sea .
Alexey Ivanovich Borozdin was born on 29 March 1937 in the city of Kursk .
Ann Packer is an American novelist and short story writer, perhaps best known for her critically acclaimed first novel The Dive From Clausen's Pier .
The Duchy of Głogów was one of the Duchies of Silesia ruled by the Silesian Piasts .
Rosemary Altea is a British author who describes herself as a medium and healer .
Minsk , when it was noted as a provincial city within the principality of Polotsk .
The Mthethwa Paramountcy, sometimes referred to as the Mtetwa or Mthethwa Empire, was a Southern African state that arose in the 18th century south of Delagoa Bay and inland in eastern southern Africa .
İZBAN, sometimes referred to as Egeray, is a metropolitan rail system, which is in the process of being transformed from a historic commuter rail line, serving İzmir and its metropolitan area, into rapid transit-standards rail lines .
The Massachusetts Bay Colony was an English settlement on the east coast of North America , after which most of the natives in southern New England had been pacified, killed, or driven away .
Tony Fulton is a former member of the Nebraska Legislature from Lincoln, Nebraska, USA .
Charles David Lubiniecki , better known as Charlie David, is a Canadian actor, writer, director and producer, best known for the male lead in the LGBT horror series Dante's Cove .
G'Five International Limited is a consumer electronics company registered in Hong Kong, based in the People's Republic of China .
Chuvash Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast from 24 June 1920 until 21 April 1925 when the oblast become part of the Chuvash Autonomous Republic .
Milton James Rhode Acorn , nicknamed The People's Poet by his peers, was a Canadian poet, writer, and playwright .
Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi was an Indian, Islamic scholar, and author of over fifty books in various languages .
Mike Norton is an American comic book artist and writer, known for his work on Runaways and Gravity .
Arthur Floyd Gottfredson was an American cartoonist best known for his defining work on the Mickey Mouse comic strip .
Kingston to the west, Stony Hill to the north, Papine to the northeast and Harbour View to the east, communities in urban and suburban Saint Andrew .
Alicyn Packard is an American voice actress writer and singer nominated for a 2014 Voice Arts Award .
Limburg-Broich was a County of the Holy Roman Empire based around Broich in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany .
Allen Mendler is an American author and educator born on October 21, 1949 in Middle Village, Queens New York .
Baden-Württemberg is sometimes used as a synonym for only the Swabian part or the whole of Baden-Württemberg .
The Provisional People’s Committee for North Korea was the official name of the provisional government governing the northern portion of the Korean Peninsula following its post-World War II partition by the United States and the Soviet Union after the defeat of the Empire of Japan in 1945 .
Luoyang area made of city's five urban districts, all of which except the Jili District not urbanized yet .
Isaac's Restaurant & Deli is a chain of soup and sandwich restaurants in South Central Pennsylvania .
Rick Roberts is a country rock and classic rock singer-songwriter who recorded with many influential artists over several genres .
Ana Silvera is a British alternative singer-songwriter and composer, known for the poeticism of her lyrics, her classical piano style and her work with choirs .
Leo Romero is a professional skateboarder whose early skateboarding influences included Jamie Thomas and Andrew Reynolds .
A fictional country is a country that is made up for fictional stories, and does not exist in real life, or one that people believe in without proof .
Molina Healthcare is a managed care company headquartered in Long Beach, California, United States .
Tomo Furukawa is a Japanese musician best known for being the lead vocalist of visual kei rock band Guniw Tools .
Faisal Gill is a Pakistani-born lawyer, administrator, government advisor and one time Republican candidate for the Virginia House of Delegates .
Liebert Corporation, a business of the Emerson Network Power platform of Emerson Electric, is a global manufacturer of power, precision cooling and infrastructure management systems for mainframe computer, server racks, and critical process systems .
Lars Magnus Carlsson is a Swedish singer and former member of the bands Alcazar and Barbados .
Croatian National Council of the Republic of Serbia is the representative body of Croats in Serbia, established for the protection of the rights and the minority self-government of Croats in Serbia .
Lee Chapel is a National Historic Landmark in Lexington, Virginia, on the campus of Washington and Lee University .
Samurai Sportswear Limited is a privately owned English sportswear brand specialising in the manufacturing of custom made team wear and leisurewear garments for sports clubs, schools and universities around the world .
Bureaucrash was an international network of libertarian activists whose stated goals are ""decreasing the scope of government"" and ""increasing individual freedom"" which engages in culture jamming .
Geac Computer Corporation, Ltd was a producer of enterprise resource planning, performance management, and industry specific software based in Markham, Ontario .
Operation Windmill sailed on 1 November 1947 for the Panama Canal to rendezvous with the Burton Island for the expedition .
Alirajpur is a city and a municipality in Alirajpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India .
Cătălin Moroşanu is a Romanian heavyweight kickboxer, politician and Dancing with the Stars Season 9's champion of Romania .
Associazione Calcio Firenze Fiorentina, commonly referred to as simply Fiorentina, is a professional Italian football club from Florence, Tuscany .
Santiago Metropolitan Region or simply Metropolitan Region and population over 6 million, it is Chile's smallest by area, most populated and most densely populated region .
Gregory Henriquez is a Canadian architect, best known for the design of complex community-based mixed-use, office, condominium, retail, institutional and social housing projects in Vancouver and the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada .
Nilambur Kingdom or Nilambur Kovilakam was a former feudal city-state in present day Kerala state, India,situated near to the Nilgiri range of the Western Ghats .
Birmingham School of Media, known informally as BCU Media, is a school of Birmingham City University in the city of Birmingham, England .
Mike Disfarmer was an American photographer whose portraits of everyday people in rural Arkansas became regarded as art some years after his death .
Kenneth Thomas ""Ken"" Cuccinelli II is a former Attorney General of Virginia who was the Republican candidate for Governor of Virginia in the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election .
The Province were Cossacks in possession of all the land; the remaining 45% of the population being townsfolk and agricultural guest labourers from other parts of Russia .
The Emirate of Bukhara was a Central Asian state that existed from 1785 to 1920 .
BosWash is a name coined by futurist George Fieraru in a 1967 essay describing a theoretical United States megalopolis extending from the metropolitan area of Boston to that of Washington, D .
LAC Group, formerly known as Library Associates Companies , is a library services vendor, providing staffing, recruiting, consulting, and other services, to academic, public, special,medical, and law libraries .
Samsung Life Insurance is a South Korean multinational insurance company headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, and a subsidiary of the Samsung Group .
Kathmandu , has the highest population density in the country, and is home to about a twelfth of Nepal's population .
Rosehaugh plc was a major property developer in the City of London and the Docklands in the 1980s and 1990s .
Zona Bruta is a Spanish hip hop record label in Madrid founded in 1996 .
Sigiswald Kuijken is a Belgian violinist, violist, and conductor known for playing on authentic instruments .
Brutal Panda Records is an American record label founded in 2008 and based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania .
John Skipp is a splatterpunk horror and fantasy author and anthology editor, as well as a songwriter, screenwriter, film director, and film producer .
Aden , the site designated as the capital of the South Arabian Federation and now home to a large power/desalinization facility and additional faculties of Aden University .
Eurocentres - Language Learning Worldwide has language schools in 16 countries for people to learn English, French, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Chinese and Japanese in a country where the language concerned is spoken .
Delphian Records is a small Edinburgh-based independent classical record label, founded in 2000 by two students of the University of Edinburgh, Paul Baxter and Kevin Findlan with start-up funding from two private individuals, and support from the Princes Scottish Youth Business Trust .
Pet Food Express is a California chain of retail stores that offers pet food, with a focus on premium brands, holistic, and organic pet food, as well as other pet supplies, and self-service dog washing facilities .
The Taifa of Lorca was a Muslim Arab medieval taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain .
Mick Deegan is a former manager of Dublin Junior Gaelic football team and Fingal Ravens .
Jamie Pedersen is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Washington who has served as a member of the Washington State Legislature since January 2007 .
Wesley ""Wes"" Newton is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments .
Stephen Russell, who writes under the pseudonym ""the Barefoot Doctor"", is a practitioner and teacher of Taoism, its medicine, philosophy, meditation practices and martial arts and manifesting system, or wu wei .
The Jolof Empire , also known as the Wolof or Wollof Empire, was a West African state that ruled parts of Senegal from 1350 to 1549 .
Abbas Ahmed Atwi is a Lebanese footballer who currently plays as Midfield for Nejmeh .
China International Marine Containers is a Chinese company principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of transportation equipment, such as containers, road transport vehicles and airport ground-handling equipment .
Van Dyke Records was a United States based record label in existence from about early 1929 through 1932 .
Robert Combas is a French painter and sculptor, born May 25, 1957 in Lyon, France and now living and working in Paris .
Lifschutz Davidson Sandilands is a practice of architects, urban designers and masterplanners established in 1986 and practicing out of London .
Cedrick Ward Hardman is a former American Football defensive end who played for the National Football League's San Francisco 49ers and Oakland Raiders and the United States Football League's Oakland Invaders .
Ma Xiaohui , love envoy of the 2007 World Special Olympics, and Cultural Ambassador to the 2010 World Exposition in Shanghai .
PokerTek Carnival Cruise LinesCasino de MontréalCasino du Lac LeamyCasino de CharlevoixIntroduction of PokerPro tables at Trump Plaza raised concerns among dealers about their job security .
Baja California much more than the sparsely populated Baja California Sur to the south, and similar to San Diego County, California on its north .
Luke Oliver Johnson , is a British serial entrepreneur, best known for his involvement with Pizza Express .
Ted Sod is an American actor, teacher, and director who has numerous theater, film and television appearances and productions to his credit .
PORTARO was the name of a popular Portuguese 4WD offroad utility vehicle and it was based on the earlier Romanian original ARO 240 4X4 model produced under license in Portugal but the new PORTARO was a more advanced and different from its Romanian original cousin .
The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a duchy in northern Germany, consisting of the eastern fifth of the historic Mecklenburg region, roughly corresponding with the present-day Mecklenburg-Strelitz district , and the western exclave of the former bishopric of Ratzeburg in modern Schleswig-Holstein .
Bradley ""Brad"" Witt is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives for District 31, representing most of Columbia and parts of Clatsop and Multnomah counties, since his appointment in January 2005 .
Alexandra Melina ""Alex"" Picatto is an American actress, and the sister of Antoinette Picatto .
The Wukari Federation is a traditional state in Nigeria, a successor to the Kwararafa state of the Jukun people .
Anja Salomonowitz is an Austrian film director and screenwriter, specialised on documentary films with political or social background .
North Caucasian Soviet Republic was a territory in the North Caucasus established to consolidate Soviet power during the Russian Civil War .
Gonow is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles, commercial vehicles and SUV's headquartered in Taizhou, Zhejiang and a subsidiary of GAC Group .
Mexico estimated in January 2013 that by 2050 Mexico could be the world's seventh largest economy .
Genesi is an international group of technology and consulting companies in the United States, Mexico and Germany .
ZEN Department Store is an upmarket Thai department store chain with branched in Thailand and China it is owned by Central Group .
Tell Ta'yinat is a low-lying ancient occupation mound on the east bank at the bend of the ancient Orontes river, in the Hatay province of present southeastern Turkey about 25 kilometers south east of Antakya .
Melissa Ashley Graham is an English singer and songwriter, who is most famous as a lead singer and a member of the 90s English girlband Solid HarmoniE .
In Greek mythology, Poeas, or Poias was one of the Argonauts and a friend of Heracles .
Redox Brands was a marketing company formed in 2000 by Todd Wichmann and Richard Owen, former executives with the multinational consumer products firm Procter & Gamble .
Joske's, founded by German immigrant Julius Joske in 1867, was a department store chain originally based in San Antonio, Texas .
La Mallorquina is a restaurant in San Juan, Puerto Rico that specializes in the making of Puerto Rican and Spanish cuisine such as asopao, gazpacho, arroz con pollo, paella and flan .
Allconnex Water is the water and wastewater business for the Gold Coast, Logan and Redland districts .
Károly Schranz is a Hungarian violinist, founding and current member of the Takács Quartet .
William Louis DeAndrea The Clifford Driscoll series ventured into the realm of the spy thriller, while the Lobo Blacke/Quinn Booker series of historical mysteries were set in the old West .
The Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast within the borders of the Azerbaijan SSR, mostly inhabited by ethnic Armenians .
Adrián González Morales, known as simply Adrián , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF as a central midfielder .
Magdeburg was one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, located in the north of the country .
Kalamata is the second most populous city of the Peloponnese peninsula in southern Greece and the largest city of the homonymous administrative region .
Howard Luedtke, also known as Howard ""Guitar"" Luedtke, is an American blues guitarist, singer, songwriter and musician .
Željko Šturanović was the Prime Minister of Montenegro from November 10, 2006 until February 29, 2008 .
AlpInvest Partners is a leading private equity asset manager with $48 billion of assets under management as of June 30, 2013 .
Vetco was established in July 2004 and operated through its subsidiaries Vetco Gray and Vetco Aibel AS .
Albert Béchard and sat on numerous other committees including the joint committee Standing Committee on Regulations and other Statutory Instruments .
Jath State, also spelled Joth, was one of the non-salute Maratha princely states of British India, one of the former Southern Maratha Jagirs .
Multicultural Broadcasting is a media company based in New York City founded by Chinese-American businessman Arthur Liu .
Toamasina [toˈmasinə̥], meaning ""like salt"" or ""salty"", unofficially and in French also Tamatave, is the capital of the Atsinanana region on the east coast of Madagascar on the Indian Ocean .
Celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2015, Papillon Airways is the world’s largest and longest-running “flightseeing” tour company .
Sérres , composed of the School of Technological Applications, the School of Management and Finance and the School of Graphic Arts and Design, with at least 10,000 Greek and international students .
Michael Hutchinson holds the competition record for 30 miles and is a previous holder of the 10, 25, 50 and 100-mile records .
Joseph Calvin ""Butch"" Robins is an American five-string banjo player with his own distinct style of picking .
The Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim was a state of the Holy Roman Empire from the Middle Ages until 1803 .
In Greek mythology, Autonoë when Pentheus, the king of Thebes, refused to allow his worship in the city .
Jet Set Men is a gay film studio and producer of gay internet adult content gay pornography, based in the United States , and founded in 1994 .
Keane Inc is a Boston-based Information Technology services unit of NTT Data Corporation, itself a subsidiary of the Japanese national phone company, NTT with its DynAMOSM solution, and was listed as an industry finalist for the Consulting & Business Services category .
Aaron Krauter is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party member of the North Dakota Senate, representing the 31st district since 1990 .
NIIT Technologies Limited is an IT organization, with customers in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia .
Carousel Theatre is a professional theatre company for young audiences located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada .
The Parkway Playhouse, located in Burnsville, North Carolina, is the oldest continually operating summer theater in North Carolina .
Ben Oliver is a British comics artist who has worked for 2000 AD on Judge Dredd as well as providing art for The Authority, The Losers, and Ultimate X-Men .
Voronyinskaya Volost of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1866–1868 .
The Theme of Strymon located in modern Greek Macedonia, with the city of Serres as its capital .
Wolfstein was a minor principality in the Holy Roman Empire, centered on Wolfstein castle, near Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz .
Elwro – was a Polish company that produced the Odra and ELWAT computers and two ZX Spectrum clones .
Keesler Federal Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Biloxi, Mississippi, chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration of the U .
Smithfield's Chicken 'N Bar-B-Q is a quick service restaurant chain in North Carolina serving fried chicken and Eastern North Carolina barbecue .
Goguryeo or Koguryo , whose territory was in the southern portion of Goguryeo, and would be the foundation of the English word ""Korea"" .
Hoff Productions, formerly known as Michael Hoff Productions, is an American television production company with offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, New York City, Los Angeles and Washington, D .
Wes Mannion is best known from the series The Crocodile Hunter as Steve Irwin's best friend and director of Australia Zoo .
Damon Keating was an Australian rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition .
Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and one of the most populous cities in the world .
Milan Presse is a publishing company based in Toulouse, France, that has been owned by Bayard Presse since 2004 .
Information Technology Authority is a governmental authority in Oman that is responsible for establishing and running the e-governance services in Oman .
°Founded in 2002, The Asymilate Group are a financial markets consulting organisation providing business and technology to clients in the capital markets industry .
Compass Rose Corporation is a Florida company that owns land and mineral rights for some land in Walt Disney World .
The United States Civil Administration of the Ryukyu Islands , or ""USCAR"", was the government in Okinawa, Japan, after World War II from 1950 until 1972 .
Duhok International Airport is an international airport under construction in the Kurdistan Autonomous Region in northern Iraq .
Aaron Jacob Weinstein is a jazz violinist, mandolinist, and arranger living in New York, New York .
SwissQual AG is a Telecommunications company specializing in wireless network service quality benchmarking and network optimization .
Ralph Rubino is a professional saxophone player born in West Haven, Connecticut and graduate of the Berklee College of Music .
Norman Nawrocki , is a Montreal-based comedian, sex educator, cabaret artist, musician, author, actor, producer and composer .
ClearCube is a computer systems manufacturer based in Austin, Texas, owned by parent company ClearCube Holdings .
My Broadcasting Corporation is a Canadian broadcasting company founded in 2004 by Jon Pole and Andrew Dickson .
Oceania Cruises is a Miami, Florida, United States-based shipping company that operates five premium cruise ships on world-wide itineraries .
Cut & Run is a record label specialized in breakbeat bootlegs produced by Nick Annand, also known as DJ Deekline, released initially on vinyl, followed shortly after as digital downloads .
Sebastian James Clovis is a Canadian home renovation guru, television personality, DIYer and former CFL player .
Adán Jonathan Vergara Villagra is a Chilean football player and who currently plays for Ñublense in Chile .
Rodney Smith was a hospice caregiver for a number of years, and is an author and the guiding teacher of the Seattle Insight Meditation Society, an organization he founded in 1993 .
Doutor Coffee is a Japanese retail company that specializes in coffee roasting and coffee shop franchising .
Kwandang is a town in Indonesia and the regency seat of The Regency of North Gorontalo .
Hpasawng is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma .
Santa Fe de Nuevo México was a province of the Viceroyalty of New Spain, and later a territory of independent Mexico .
Delta Scientific Corporation also known just as Delta Scientific is a company based in Palmdale, California, USA .
Daqin Railway Company Limited is a SSE 50 company that operates several railways in China, most famously the Daqin Railway, a 653 km coal-transport railway in north China built during 1985 - 1992 .
Abhishiktananda , born Henri Le Saux, was a French monk who, having moved to India in 1948 in search of a more radical form of spiritual life, adopted sannyasa in accordance with Indian tradition and became one of the pioneers of Hindu-Christian dialogue .
Aeroports de Catalunya is a public company, owned by the Government of Catalonia, and attached to its Ministry of Land and Sustainability .
PJ Gallagher is an Irish stand-up comedian, perhaps better known from Next Week's News and for his television show Naked Camera .
Aventura Technologies Inc, is an American company that designs, develops and manufacturers IP and analog, enterprise-level CCTV, Digital Video Recorder systems including; intelligent video analytics, security cameras, fiber optic, UTP accessories, hardware and software peripheral solutions for business, gaming and government .
Salida Capital is a Canadian private equity and private wealth management firm, based in Toronto, Ontario, and founded in 2001 .
The Empire of Vietnam was a short-lived puppet state of Imperial Japan governing the whole of Vietnam between March 11 and August 23, 1945 .
Mario Scheiber is an Austrian skier competing in all World Cup disciplines apart from slalom .
La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club is an off-off Broadway theatre founded in 1961 by Ellen Stewart, and named in reference to her .
Modena , eponymous founder of the Ferrari motor company; the Catholic Priest and Senior Exorcist of Vatican Gabriele Amorth; renowned chef Massimo Bottura and the rock singer Vasco Rossi who was born in Zocca, one of the 47 comuni in the Province of Modena .
StartCom is a company based in Eilat, Israel that has three main activities: StartCom Linux Enterprise .
The Philippine Republic , more commonly known as the First Philippine Republic or the Malolos Republic, was a short-lived nascent revolutionary government in the Philippines .
Kucha or Kuche was an ancient Buddhist kingdom located on the branch of the Silk Road that ran along the northern edge of the Taklamakan Desert in the Tarim Basin and south of the Muzat River .
In Greek mythology, Phyleus was a son of King Augeas of Elis and father of Meges .
Vitarroz, founded in 1955, is the second largest supplier and distributor of Hispanic food products in the northeastern United States .
Banca Monte di Parma is an Italian bank, active in the provinces of Parma, Piacenza and Reggio-Emilia .
The OPEC has twelve member states: six in the Middle East, four in Africa, and two in South America .
Arkedo Studio is a French independent video game developer, founded in 2006 by Camille Guermonprez and Aurélien Régard .
The National Indigenous Radio Service is a satellite program feed available in Australia to community radio stations that are subscribers of the CBAA’s Community Radio Network .
Opio Lindsey, known by his stage name, Opio , is a member of the four-member, Oakland-based underground hip hop group, Souls of Mischief, and the eight-member, underground hip hop collective, Hieroglyphics .
Timothy ""Tim"" Lovejoy is an English television presenter, best known for hosting Saturday morning football programme Soccer AM with Helen Chamberlain for over a decade .
The Socialist Republic of Serbia was one of the six constitutional republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Tigon Studios is a video game developer owned by One Race Films focused primarily on games featuring actor Vin Diesel, who also founded the company .
Edgar Allen Floe is a hip hop artist from North Carolina and a member of Justus League and The Undefined .
Thomas David Hodges , and they have a son, Logan, for whom he named the character Drake Lo'gaan .
Sedat Peker is a convicted Turkish criminal leader whose crimes were mostly against drug dealers .
Paul deParrie was an American pro-life activist and author who lived in Portland, Oregon .
Blek le Rat, was one of the first graffiti artists in Paris, and has been described as the ""Father of stencil graffiti"" .
The Rheingau consists of the district on the Northern side of the Rhine between the German towns of Wiesbaden and Lorch near Frankfurt, reaching from the Western Taunus to the Rhine .
Smith Frozen Foods is an American processor and packager of frozen vegetables, including peas, corn, and carrots .
Marc Picard candidate and former Bloc Québécois member of the Canadian House of Commons, Yvan Loubier, finished second with 18% of the vote .
California Casualty Management Company is in the business of providing individuals with insurance coverage, in particular those in the fields of education, law enforcement, fire fighting, and nursing .
Mary Swander and Out of this World as well as three books of poetry, Heaven-and-Earth House, Driving the Body Back, and Succession .
Jack Wolfskin is a German-based producer of outdoor wear and equipment that was founded in 1981 and is now owned by the American company The Blackstone Group .
iFrogz is a Utah-based manufacturer of brand-driven Apple digital audio accessories, with an emphasis on phone cases .
Kigoma is a town and lake port in western Tanzania, on the eastern shore of Lake Tanganyika and close to the border with Burundi .
Ghatam Giridhar Udupa by Percussive Arts Centre, Bangalore • LIONS INTERNATIONAL AWARD - 2011 .
The Tower Theatre Company is a performing non-professional acting group based in the St Bride Institute .
A client state is a state that is economically, politically or militarily subordinate to another more powerful state in international affairs .
Ovamboland was the name given by English-speaking visitors to the land occupied by the Ovambo people in what is now northern Namibia and southern Angola .
The Kingdom of Serbia as ""King of Serbia"" by his brother, bishop Sava, after inheriting all territories unified by their father, Stefan Nemanja, who is regarded the most remarkable Serb according to the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Putt-Putt Fun Center is the name of a chain of family amusement centers and miniature golf courses in the United States, Australia, Indonesia, and Lebanon .
Johann ""Hans"" Grugger is a former World Cup alpine ski racer, competing in the speed disciplines of downhill and super-G .
Leonid Dododzhonovich Reiman, in Russian: Леонид Дододжонович Рейман; born July 12, 1957 in Leningrad is a Russian businessman and government official, former Minister of Communications and Information Technologies of the Russian Federation .
The Emirate of Afghanistan was an emirate between Central Asia and South Asia, which is today's Islamic Republic of Afghanistan .
Yamar specializes in semiconductor devices and technology for communication over noisy AC and DC battery power lines .
Academica Press is a publisher of scholarly research in the social sciences, humanities, education and law .
James Hinchcliffe is a Canadian race car driver from Oakville, Ontario currently competing in the IndyCar Series .
Enrique Piñeyro is an Argentine-Italian ex air pilot turned film actor, producer, crash analyst, aeronautical physician, film director, and screenplay writer, working partly in Argentina .
Ekostrovskaya Volost of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1866–1868 .
GottaCon is the largest hobby game convention in Victoria, British Columbia, featuring a broad range of games, especially tabletop miniatures and videogames, for people to play .
The Borgu Emirate is a Nigerian traditional state with its capital in New Bussa, Niger State, Nigeria .
Southpaw Technology is a commercial, open-source software company that provides products, solutions, professional services and technical support for TACTIC .
The Anchor Buggy was a short-lived United States automobile manufacturer; the High wheeler was manufactured by the Anchor Buggy and Carriage Company in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States in 1910 and 1911 .
Industrial Scripts to have screenplays analysed, examining their marketability, suitability for production, and potential for further development .
Uncle Sam’s New York is one of New York City’s walking tour, pub crawl and nightlife tour companies .
Brian Woods is an English darts player who has competed in events organised by the British Darts Organisation .
Malampa is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu, located in the center of the country and consisting of three main islands: Malakula Ambrym and PaamaIt includes a number of other islands – the small islands of Uripiv, Norsup, Rano, Wala, Atchin and Vao off the coast of Malakula, and the volcanic island of Lopevi .
WorldCall Telecom Ltd, an Oman Telecommunications Company Wireless Local Loop Long Distance and International Call Metro Fiber Lease International Calling Cards and Call Shops↑ ↑ .
Pergament Home Centers were usually on a 2 for the price of one sale .
Joe Saliba was the Secretary General of the Nationalist Party of Malta , taking over from Lawrence Gonzi .
Jiro Wang is a Taiwanese actor and singer, who started his career as a model .
The ancient Kingdom of Namayan was one of three major kingdoms that dominated the banks of the Pasig River and the coast of Laguna de Bay in the Philippines prior to the Spanish conquest in the 16th century .
The Auckland Gas Company is a company providing gas for residential or commercial customers in the Auckland area, New Zealand .
The Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic and a number of territories that are now part of the Ukraine .
Hohenlohe-Jagstberg was a Principality located in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, around Jagstberg which had been a territory of the Bishopric of Würzburg .
Palu is a chartered city northeast of Jakarta, at 0°54′S 119°50′E, at the mouth of Palu River .
Baker Perkins Ltd is a British engineering company based in Peterborough offering manufacturing and process services to the food industry throughout the world .
Netkey is a company that provides applications and management software for self-service kiosks and digital signage .
Felipe Salvador Caicedo Corozo is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Espanyol as a striker .
Hypercom was an American company that produces electronic payment processing hardware and software and was acquired by rival VeriFone in 2011 .
Willemstad is the capital city of Curaçao, an island in the southern Caribbean Sea that forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
In 1861 general Pedro Santana asked queen Isabella II of Spain to retake control of the Dominican Republic, after a period of only 17 years of independence .
Robert Mann is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour from 1977–1980 .
Stephen Park in the late 1980s and early 1990s, and included in the seminal Freeze show .
American Italian Pasta Company is a pasta manufacturing company with corporate offices in Kansas City, Missouri, and plants in Excelsior Springs, Missouri; Columbia, South Carolina; Tolleson, Arizona; and Verolanuova, Italy .
Houlihan Smith & Company was an investment banking firm that provided financial advisory and financing services to public and private businesses .
First National was an association of independent theater owners in the United States that expanded from exhibiting movies to distributing them and eventually to producing them as a movie studio called First National Pictures, Inc .
In finance, a high-yield bond is a bond that is rated below investment grade .
Galway Hooker is a brand of craft beer which is brewed by an independent microbrewery in Oranmore, County Galway, Ireland .
The Arab Federation of Iraq and Jordan was a short-lived country that was formed in 1958 from the union of Iraq and Jordan .
Mike Toth is a Canadian sports anchor, formerly on Rogers Sportsnet Sportsnet Connected and with the Fan 590 in Toronto .
OT Africa Line was a specialist shipping line exclusively serving routes between Europe and West Africa .
Canadian Power Boat Company was a manufacturer of MTBs and similar craft in Canada during World War II .
Toronto , which comprises the majority of the Greater Toronto Area, had a population of 5,583,064 .
Meaghan Jarensky Castaldi is a beauty queen from The Bronx, New York who has competed in the Miss USA 2005 pageant .
The Bank of Hamilton was established in 1872 by local businessmen in the city of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada under the leadership of Donald McInnes, the bank's first President .
Aika Mitsui is a member of Hello! Project and a former member of the J-pop group Morning Musume, joining as a member of the eighth generation from the audition in Japan during December 2006 .
Christopher ""Big Black"" Boykin is an American entertainer and musician best known for his role on MTV's Rob & Big, which followed him and his co-star, skateboarder Rob Dyrdek .
Softdrive Records is an independent record label[1] founded by Stone Temple Pilots/ex-Velvet Revolver singer Scott Weiland in 2006 .
Württemberg-Hohenzollern was a West German state created in 1945 as part of the French post-World War II occupation zone .
Amara Diané is an Ivorian football striker who currently plays for Tubize in the Belgian Second Division .
Neustria was the western part of the kingdom of the Franks that was created in 511 upon the division of the Merovingian kingdom of Clovis I to his four sons following his death .
Edward Finbar Wright , known popularly as Finbar Wright, is a popular music singer, songwriter, and poet from County Cork, Ireland .
Abidjan is the economic capital of Ivory Coast and is the most populated West African French-speaking city .
Jurys Inns is a chain of hotels founded in Ireland and previously owned by Jurys Doyle Hotel Group .
Modern-day Matabeleland is a region in Zimbabwe divided into three provinces: Matabeleland North, Bulawayo and Matabeleland South .
Bentheim-Tecklenburg was a German district based in the region around Tecklenburg in northern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany .
Simon Whitlock would allow him to move over to the UK from Australia and compete on the PDC Pro Tour .
Zauber is a software research and development company based in Buenos Aires, Argentina, founded in 2007 by Gabriel V .
Michelle Mae is an American musician from the state of Washington, who is known for playing in rock 'n' roll groups such as The Make-Up and Weird War .
Wah Seong Corporation Berhad is a public listed company on the Main Board of the Bursa Malaysia .
Knowledge Oasis Muscat a business incubator program that offers tenants a combination of subsidized offices and utilities in addition to a variety of business support program services .
Francis Thomas Hurley is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Anchorage from 1976 to 2001 .
Episkopi Cantonment is the capital of Akrotiri and Dhekelia, a British Overseas Territory on the island of Cyprus, administered as a Sovereign Base Area .
Kroonstad is the third-largest town in the Free State province of South Africa, and lies two hours drive from Gauteng .
Strands Recommender is an SaaS plug-and-play recommendation engine that can be installed by eCommerce and content websites .
Triple A-Metal is a record company, recording studio, and also the name of its webpage, created and directed by Alberto Ardines from Sauze .
Piero Pelù is an Italian rock singer and songwriter, best known for his work with the famous Italian rock band Litfiba .
The Khanate of Kazan was a medieval Tatar state which occupied the territory of former Volga Bulgaria between 1438 and 1552 .
Kyain Seikgyi is a town in the Kayin State of southeastern Burma , located on the Zami River .
Sally Barker is a British singer and songwriter, known for her solo work and as a founding member of The Poozies .
Jahnu Barua is a multiple national and international award-winning Indian film director from Assam He has directed a number of Assamese and Hindi films, and along with Bhabendra Nath Saikia was one of the pioneers of Assamese Art cinema .
Lodewicus Theodorus ""Louis"" Oosthuizen is a South African professional golfer who won the 2010 Open Championship and was runner-up in the 2012 Masters Tournament .
Archie Andrews, created in 1941 by Vic Bloom and Bob Montana, is a fictional character in an American comic book series published by Archie Comics, as well as the long-running Archie Andrews radio series, a syndicated comic strip, The Archie Show, and Archie's Weird Mysteries .
Francis Julius Bellamy was a Christian socialist minister and author, best known for writing the American Pledge of Allegiance .
The Kingdom of Limmu-Ennarea was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 19th century .
ComputerLand was a widespread chain of retail computer stores during the early years of the personal computer ""revolution"", and was one of the outlets after the sale of split-off franchisor to Merisel .
Bavaria-Ingolstadt was a duchy which was part of the Holy Roman Empire from 1392 to 1447 .
Antidote Films is a Brisbane-based independent film distributor specialising in arthouse films and social documentaries .
Edward Moses consider prosecuting Obeid for the offence of misconduct in public office over his attempts to influence bureaucrats and Labor colleagues to benefit his family .
Vytautas Juozapaitis , recipient of Lithuanian National Prize, a soloist of Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre and Kaunas State Musical Theatre, a professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre and a docent of Vilnius College of Higher Education, and a television personality .
The Republic of Biak-na-Bato , was the first republic ever declared in the Philippines by the revolutionary Emilio Aguinaldo and his fellow members of the Katipunan .
Azerbaijan made its debut at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2008, after İctimai Televiziya with only 5,14 points per country .
Chronis Aidonidis is a Greek singer born on December 23, 1928 in Karoti, a village now belonging to Didymoteicho, in Greece .
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence is a French department in the south of France, it was formerly part of the province of Provence .
Lawyers Have Heart 10K Run, 5K Run and Fun Walk is an annual event that raises money for the research and community education programs of the greater Washington D .
Travel CUTS, doing business under the style travelcuts, is a Canadian travel agency catering to student, youth, educational, and budget travellers .
Yogurtland is an international franchise chain of frozen yogurt stores based in Irvine, California, United States .
Kenny ""Kenji"" Gallo is a Japanese-Italian American gangster-turned-informant, a former director and producer of adult films, and an author .
In Greek mythology, the name Thessalus is attributed to three individuals, all of whom were considered possible eponyms of Thessaly .
Incepta Pharmaceuticals Limited is a research-based, generic pharmaceutical company based in Dhaka, Bangladesh, which manufactures and markets medicinal drugs in a variety of therapeutic classes .
Attila Béla Ladislau Kelemen is an ethnic-Hungarian politician in Romania and Member of the European Parliament .
Borouge, a manufacturer of polyoleofins, is a joint venture of the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company and Austria's Borealis .
Myeik , located in the extreme south of the country on the coast of an island on the Andaman Sea .
The Travel Corporation , sometimes known as TravCorp, is a Travel and Leisure Group operating in over 60 countries with 35 offices around the world and more than 10,000 staff, serving over 1 .
Frederick Clinton ""Fred"" Quimby was an American cartoon producer, best known as a producer of Tom and Jerry cartoons, for which he won seven Academy Awards .
Vinçotte is a Belgian accredited inspection and certification organisation, that controlled 75% of the Belgian safety, reliability market in 2004 .
Robin Stewart is an English actor who is best known for playing Mike Abbott in the 1970s sitcom Bless This House .
The Wing On Bank was a bank in Hong Kong that collapsed in 1986 .
Jeanne Ferrante is a computer scientist active in the field of compiler technology, where she has made important contributions regarding optimization and parallelization .
Ilan Rubin is a American multi-instrumentalist, who is known primarily for playing drums with bands such as Lostprophets, Nine Inch Nails, Angels & Airwaves and Paramore .
Casey Crescenzo is a singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist most notable for being the singer for the bands The Dear Hunter and The Receiving End of Sirens .
Metromix is a network of local entertainment websites backed by a joint venture between media companies Gannett and Tribune Co .
Peter Joseph Moore is a Canadian music producer who was first recognized for his innovative recordings of the Cowboy Junkies, produced on a shoestring budget .
Bradley Smith is an English motorcycle racer, currently competing in the MotoGP World Championship .
Taimung was the capital of the Ahom kingdom in the Brahmaputra valley in Assam, India, during the reign of Suremphaa from 1751 until 1769 .
The Cossack Hetmanate , the left-bank territories of Kiev and Cherkasy, as well as the western portion of Bryansk Oblast of Russia .
Cassandra Ford is a visual artist and co-founder/original lead singer of The Vincent Black Shadow .
PEPSU Road Transport Corporation , the largest bus operator in Punjab state of India, is a state-run corporation headquartered at Patiala .
Carter Jonas is a firm of property consultants, chartered surveyors and estate agents with offices in England and Wales .
Lilongwe is the largest and capital city of Malawi with an estimated population of 1,077,116 for 2015 .
Datalight is a privately held software company specializing in data management for embedded devices, particularly mobile phones .
The Sports Fan Radio Network was a sports talk radio network that existed from 1996 through 2001, when it abruptly folded .
Chef & Brewer is a chain of around 127 licensed traditional pub restaurants in the United Kingdom, owned by Spirit Pub Company plc .
Albert Gabriel Nigrin is a Cinema Studies Lecturer at Rutgers University, and the Executive Director and Curator of the Rutgers Film Co-op/New Jersey Media Arts Center, Inc .
Diehl BGT Defence GmbH & Ko KG is a German arms manufacturer and a subsidiary of the Diehl Stiftung GmbH with headquarters in Überlingen .
Marcus Cornelius Fronto , Roman grammarian, rhetorician and advocate, was born at Cirta in Numidia .
The First Republic of Venezuela was the first independent government of Venezuela, lasting from 19 April 1810, to 25 July 1812 .
Colcci is a Brazilian fashion company that manufactures and sells high-end clothing and accessories for men and women .
Brand Keys is a brand research consultancy specializing in predictive consumer behavioral brand equity, loyalty, and engagement metrics .
Pasquinelli Homes is a Chicago, Illinois based homebuilding company, founded in 1956 by brothers Bruno and Tony Pasquinelli .
David Shane Gibson is a Member of Parliament and former Cabinet Minister of Immigration, Labour and Training of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas .
Heidi Alice Voight is a former pageant titleholder from Milford, Connecticut who held the Miss Connecticut title and competed in the Miss America pageant .
Cermaq is one of the world's leading companies in farming of salmon and trout, with operations in Norway, Canada and Chile .
|}Bartolome Ramos, also known as Omeng Ramos, is a Filipino politician, and the current mayor of the town of Santa Maria, Bulacan in the Philippines .
John Harry Robson Lowe , Robbie to his friends, was an English professional philatelist, stamp dealer and stamp auctioneer .
Jin Meyerson is an American artist previously based in Brooklyn, New York, later dividing his time between Paris and Seoul .
Kin Taiei is a Korean-Japanese light heavyweight karateka, kickboxer and mixed martial artist competing in K-1 and DREAM .
Penajam is a town in and the administrative capital of North Penajam Paser Regency, in East Kalimantan Province, Indonesia .
Core Security is a computer and network security company that provides an attack intelligence platform, vulnerability management and network penetration testing measurement software products and services .
Gavin Shane DeGraw spawned hit single ""Not Over You"", as well as ""Soldier"" and ""Sweeter"" .
Rottal Auto AG is a company based in Ruswil, Switzerland which provides bus services in the Canton of Lucerne .
The Oban Times is a local, weekly newspaper, published in Oban, Argyll and Bute on a Thursday .
The destination of Sungai Ruan is located in the Negeri of Pahang in the country of Malaysia .
Paul Campion is an Australian radio host and a dual recipient of the Australian Commercial Radio Award for best music personality , in 2013 Paul was acknowledged at the Australian Commercial Radio Awards for 25 Years service to the industry .
Golden West Financial was the second largest savings and loan association in the United States, operating branches under the name of World Savings Bank .
Vineeth is an Indian film actor and classical dancer known for his works predominantly in Malayalam cinema and Tamil cinema .
Ben Vaughn is an American musician, music producer and a longtime Rambler to an Alex Chilton tribute album released by Munster Records based in Madrid, Spain .
Trilantic Capital Partners is a global private equity firm focused on control and significant minority investments across a range of industries in North America and Europe managed by Trilantic North America and Trilantic Europe .
Balikpapan is a seaport city on the east coast of the island of Borneo, in the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan .
Korea Institute of Industrial Technology and the company Rotem, KITECH developed the HSR-350x, a high-speed train with domestic technology .
Brian Lord who was an undefeated professional boxer and Australian Amateur boxing champion and they have 3 children .
World Book Capital is a title bestowed by UNESCO to a city in recognition of the quality of its programs to promote books and reading and the dedication of all players in the book industry .
Norport Handling AS is an aircraft ground handling company that operates at four Norwegian airports: Bergen Airport, Flesland, Stavanger Airport, Sola, Haugesund Airport, Karmøy and Moss Airport, Rygge .
SteelPath is an investment advisory firm based in Dallas, Texas that specializes exclusively in master limited partnerships .
Jordan Raskopoulos is an Australian comedian, actor and singer best known for his role as a writer and performer on the Network Ten sketch comedy show The Ronnie Johns Half Hour, and as lead singer for award-winning comedy rock group The Axis of Awesome .
Michael Thorpe is an English-American physicist and Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University .
Originally branded as the Reeves Heritage Collection and supplied to the famous AJ Reeves model engineering supplies company, Cotswold Heritage subsequently developed in its own right as a UK manufacturer of small stationary steam engines .
Syhunt is a world wide web network security software company with headquarters in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil .
Rabigh Refining & Petrochemical Company capacity refinery located in Rabigh, Saudi Arabia, which produces naphtha, kerosene, gasoline, diesel and fuel oil .
Mihael Kovačević is a Swiss footballer of Croatian descent, who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus in the Hungarian Nemzeti Bajnokság I .
Incredible Technologies , based in Vernon Hills, Illinois is a US-based designer and manufacturer of coin-operated video games .
David Aja is a Spanish comic book artist, best known for his work on The Immortal Iron Fist, Hawkeye, and Daredevil .
Social Capital Films, a subsidiary of Social Capital Entertainment, is a global media company with a diverse portfolio of projects spanning film, music and interactive entertainment .
Fenway Sports Management as executive vice president and chief operating officer of the Red Sox, and president of Fenway Sports Management .
Baraundha was a princely state of colonial India, located in modern Satna district of Madhya Pradesh .
Republic Bank is a bank and financial service provider in Trinidad and Tobago and one of the largest in the Eastern Caribbean .
Hollard Group is an independent and privately owned insurance group based in South Africa that operates under two insurance licences: short term and life .
Dita is a sporting goods company which specializes in field hockey sticks and turf shoes .
Langbar International is a limited company that was listed on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange as Crown Corporation Limited in 2003 and was the biggest share fraud on the Exchange to date .
Peter Andrews is an Australian racehorse breeder and grazier from Bylong in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
Shavit Bar-On Gal-On Tzin Yagur, founded in 1992 by Ilan Shavit and Ofer Bar-On, is one of the large law firms in Israel .
Brittany Nicole Waddell , better known by her stage name Britt Nicole, is an American musician, singer-songwriter and recording artist .
MYKITA GmbH is an eyewear manufacturer based in Berlin, Germany known internationally for its hand-assembled prescription frames and sunglasses .
The USOC Coach of the Year awards are given annually by the United States Olympic Committee to the top coaches in Olympic and Paralympic sports .
Dakodonou or Dakodonu or Dako Donu was an early king of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, ruling from around 1620 until 1645 .
TruVista is an American company that provides broadband Internet, long-distance telephone, and cable TV services to customers in the South Carolina counties of Chester County, Fairfield County, Kershaw County and a small portion of Richland County .
Composite Software, Inc was previously a privately held data virtualization software company based San Mateo, California .
Bill Dance is an angler and host of Bill Dance Outdoors, a fishing television series on NBC Sports and ""Bill Dance Saltwater"" on Outdoor Channel .
The Udmurt Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic and renamed as the Udmurt Autonomous Oblast in 1932 .
Bill Wilson is the founder and Sr Pastor of Metro World Child, America’s largest ministry to children with branches in various nations .
Charklik or Charkhlik, was the Uighur name of an ancient kingdom located in what is now officially called by its modern Chinese name Ruoqiang County, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China .
Studio glass or glass sculpture is the modern use of glass as an artistic medium to produce sculptures or three-dimensional artworks .
Jennifer Don is a Taiwanese American figure skater who competed in both the pairs and singles disciplines .
Jesse Thorn , which is distributed by National Public Radio to 25 public terrestrial radio stations in 13 states and is also broadcast weekly on XM Radio's ""XM Public Radio"" channel .
Rovio Entertainment Limited, previously known as Relude and Rovio Mobile, is a Finnish video game developer and entertainment company based in Espoo .
Philippe Jordan , effective with the 2014-2015 season, with an initial contract of 5 years .
Rob Whitehurst and numerous movies and documentaries including the Christian independent films Facing the giants, Fireproof, Letters to God, The Glass Window and Courageous .
Zacatecas is a city and municipality in Mexico, and the capital and largest city of the state of Zacatecas .
Minty Fresh is a Chicago-based record label, founded in 1993 by Jim Powers with Anthony Musiala .
In Hindu mythology, Ahalya , archetypes of female chastity whose names are believed to dispel sin when recited .
The County of Lecce was a semi-independent Italo-Norman entity in Apulia, in south-eastern Italy, which existed from 1055 until 1463 .
Howqua was the most important of the Hong merchants in the Thirteen Factories, head of the E-wo hong and leader of the Canton Cohong .
Hoverspeed, formed in 1981 by the merger of Seaspeed and Hoverlloyd, was a ferry company that operated on the English Channel from 1981 until 2005 .
Call centers began in the Philippines as plain providers of email response and managing services, these have industrial capabilities for almost all types of customer relations, ranging from travel services, technical support, education, customer care, financial services, and online business-to-customer support, online business-to-business support .
Nueva Loja, also known as Lago Agrio, is the capital of the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador .
Nobuhide Tachi is a former Japanese racing driver, and the co-founder of TOM'S, a Japanese racing team and tuner for Toyota .
Reuters is an international news agency headquartered in Canary Wharf, London, England, United Kingdom and a division of Thomson Reuters .
TauRx Therapeutics Ltd is a life sciences/pharmaceutical company incorporated in Singapore with primary research facilities and operations in Aberdeen, Scotland .
Comicraft is a company which provides graphic design and lettering services to various companies .
Kelly Best is a beauty queen from Troy, Michigan who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Réno-Dépôt is a big box chain of hardware stores located in Quebec which specialise in the distribution and sale of renovation products and hardware .
Brian Selznick is an American illustrator and writer best known for illustrating children's books .
Volgogradskiy Metallurgicheskiy Zavod Krasny Oktyabr Closed Joint-Stock Company is a Russian closed joint-stock company which maintains the Krasny Oktyabr factory, one of the largest Russian metallurgy facilities .
French Somaliland and become the premier port for coffee and other goods leaving southern Ethiopia and the Ogaden through Harar .
NeoEdge Networks was a Silicon Valley based technology and in-game advertising company that enabled casual game publishers and developers to deliver television-like commercials within their products - frequently in the context of free-to-consumer casual game play .
Denca Services Limited is the largest Nigerian indigenous oil services company that provides a wide range of services to oil majors in addition to being very active in other industries .
The Gondopharid dynasty and other Indo-Parthian rulers were a group of ancient kings from Central Asia, who ruled parts of present day Afghanistan, Pakistan and northwestern India, during or slightly before the 1st century AD .
Black Swan Records was a United States record label founded in 1921 in Harlem, New York .
San Salvador de Jujuy , commonly known as Jujuy and locally often referred to as San Salvador, is the capital city of Jujuy Province in northwest Argentina .
The Public Safety Spectrum Trust Corporation for the 10 MHz of 700 MHz public safety nationwide broadband spectrum .
The Kingdom of Montenegro , was a monarchy in southeastern Europe during the tumultuous years on the Balkan Peninsula leading up to and during World War I .
Baked FX, formerly Baked Goods, is a boutique visual effects / post-production facility located in Culver City, CA .
Jessica Ann Dereschuk is a beauty queen from Stacy, Minnesota, who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
The Dazzle Dancers are a performance group founded in 1996 in New York City's Tompkins Square Park during Wignot .
Carlos Henrique Dias, nicknamed Kim player, who currently plays at Joinville in the striker position .
Drees & Sommer is an international consulting company working in the building and real estate sector with head office in Germany .
Hrvatska elektroprivreda is a national power company in Croatia which has been engaged in electricity production, transmission and distribution for more than one century, and with heat supply and gas distribution for the past few decades .
Goiás from Goiânia, established in the beginning of 18th Century, and Caldas Novas, with its hot water wells attracting more than one million tourists per year .
OnDemand is a brand name for a video-on-demand, UK based company owned by the On Demand Group, who provide mobile video services such as pay-per-view to over 25 million subscribers .
Aya Hara is a Japanese voice actress from Ōita Prefecture affiliated with Aoni Production .
Garoua is a port city and the capital of the North Region of Cameroon, lying on the Benue River .
Tasha under the stage name of Addictiv, is a Canadian R&B and Hip hop singer Producer Cajjmere Wray, peaked at number 59 on the Canadian Hot 100 and the video was added out of the box to heavy rotation on MuchMusic, MuchMoreMusic and MuchVibe .
China Metal Recycling is the largest recycler of scrap metal in Mainland China by revenue .
Eric Robert Lewis , Leonardo DiCaprio, Donna Karan, Téa Leoni, David Duchovny, Hugh Jackman, Forest Whitaker, and Gerard Butler .
Ron Jon Surf Shop is a surfer style retail store chain founded in 1959 in Ship Bottom, New Jersey by Ron DiMenna .
Safestyle UK is part of the Style Group UK and is a provider of PVCu double glazed windows, doors, French doors, patio and sliding doors in the United Kingdom .
The Pick Up Performance Company is a not-for-profit theatrical producing organization founded in 1971 and incorporated in 1978 .
In Greek mythology, Laërtes and Ctimene by his wife Anticlea, daughter of the thief Autolycus .
Norway has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 53 times since making its debut in 1960 and has only been absent twice since then .
The Kingdom of Dyfed is one of several Welsh petty kingdoms that emerged in 5th-century post-Roman Britain in south-west Wales, based on the former Irish tribal lands of the Déisi from c 350 until it was subsumed into Deheubarth in 920 .
Gangpur State, also known as Gangpore State, was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
Meghan Miller is a beauty queen and ventriloquist from Beaumont, Texas, who has held the Miss America's Outstanding Teen title, and was a competitor on the second season of America's Got Talent .
TransEuropa Ferries operated a freight and passenger ferry service between Ramsgate, Kent, UK and Ostend, West Flanders, Belgium from 1998 to 2013, with three or more ships .
Conard Logan ""Con"" Hunley , where he met businessman Sam Kirkpatrick, who formed the independent label Prairie Dust Records to showcase Hunley's talents .
Yeha is a town in northern Ethiopia, located in the Mehakelegnaw Zone of the Tigray Region .
Talossa is the name of a micronation founded in 1979 by 14-year-old Robert Ben Madison of Milwaukee .
The Shepshed Building Society was a UK building society, which had its head office in Shepshed, Leicestershire .
Will Thomas, born 1958 in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, is a novelist who writes a Victorian mystery series featuring Cyrus Barker, a Scottish detective or ""private enquiry agent,"" and his Welsh assistant, Thomas Llewelyn .
Korea Tungsten Company was a major South Korean manufacturer of tungsten cutting tools, tungsten powder, and related metal-cutting products .
The Republic of Mirdita was a short-lived unrecognized republic declared in northern Albania by Marka Gjoni and his followers .
Vestel is a Turkish home and professional appliances manufacturing company consisting of 18 companies specialised in electronics, major appliances and information technology .
LaSer UK is a provider of credit and loyalty programmes, operating in the UK and Republic of Ireland markets .
Hesnes Air AS is a Norwegian private airline and helicopter company with registered office at Nøtterøy and office and hangar at Sandefjord Airport, Torp in Norway .
Tara Jane O'Neil is an American multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, audio recording engineer, and visual artist based out of Portland, Oregon .
Misiones is one of the 23 provinces of Argentina, located in the northeastern corner of the country in the Mesopotamiсa region .
Mearion Shonie Bickhem III , better known as Shonie Carter, is an American mixed martial artist who has competed in the Welterweight, Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions .
Carolina Morán Gordillo in the 2007 Miss World pageant, obtaining the title of Miss World Americas 2007 the pageant winner was Zhang Zilin of China .
Golden Spoon Frozen Yogurt is a frozen yogurt retail chain headquartered in Rancho Santa Margarita, California .
North Dumpling Island is the northernmost of two islands in Fishers Island Sound, located about 0 .
Uster Technologies, in its industry often called Uster, is a Swiss manufacturer of analytical instruments and on-line monitoring systems for the textile industry, based in Uster, Switzerland .
Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations arrangements first appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, and became common in various Commonwealth legal systems where senior creditors of an insolvent business effectively gain the right to control the company .
Mobile Crèches or Mobile Nurseries and Mumbai Mobile Creches are Indian NGO founded to address a widespread lack of access to education and healthcare that children on construction sites face .
Autocesta Zagreb – Macelj and Aleksandar Čaklović as well as supervisory board chaired by Wolfgang Zechmeister .
Nueva Ecija is a landlocked province of the Philippines located in the Central Luzon region .
Loritello was an Italo-Norman county along the Adriatic north of the Gargano, now called Rotello, in the Molise region .
Onondaga was a village that served as the capital of the Iroquois League and the primary settlement of the Onondaga nation .
Agatha Gregson, née Wooster, later Lady Worplesdon, is a recurring fictional character in the Jeeves stories of British comic writer P .
Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Asunción is the capital and largest city of Paraguay .
The Bishopric of Eichstätt, or Prince-Bishopric of Eichstätt, was a small ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire .
Turpan , also known as Turfan , is an oasis county-level city in Turpan Prefecture, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China .
Tim Seeley is a comic book artist and writer known for his work on books such as G .
Dubai Banking Group is the global shari'a compliant financial investor of Dubai Group with assets valued at over USD 10 billion .
Stuttgart , because of the city's location in the centre of Swabia, and as a reference to the Swabian dialect spoken by its native inhabitants .
Jim Provenzano is an American author, playwright, photographer and currently an Editor with the Bay Area Reporter .
Space Micro Inc is an American company that supplies radiation hardened electronics for space and military applications .
Paul ""Rusty"" Russell is an Australian free software programmer and advocate, known for his work on the Linux kernel's networking subsystem and the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard .
Parallel Universe produced the documentary films Info Wars, The War on Drugs and War on Terror .
Chanel Joy Puaalaonali Wise is a beauty queen from Honolulu, Hawaii who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
RMG Connect was the relationship marketing division of JWT, developing solutions both online and offline in direct marketing, interactive marketing and sales promotion .
Maroua is the capital of the Far North Region of Cameroon, stretching along the banks of the Ferngo and Kaliao Rivers, ""in the foothills of the Mandara Mountains .
Carey Mercer is a Canadian musician best known for his work as lead singer of the indie rock band Frog Eyes and his work in Swan Lake and Blackout Beach .
A pariah state is a nation considered to be an outcast in the international community .
Alba Iris ""Albita"" Rivera Ramirez is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated to the New Progressive Party and Director of the Puerto Rican Office of Woman's Affairs .
Up Above Records is an independent hip hop record label based in Long Beach, California, United States, co-founded in 1995 by Doug ""Papadoug"" Kato and The Visionaries member KeyKool, along with DJ Rhettmatic and Beat Junkies .
The Crimean Socialist Soviet Republic or the Soviet Socialist Republic of the Crimea was a state allied with Soviet Russia that existed in Crimea for several months in 1919 during the Russian Civil War .
The Hearst Corporation is an American multinational mass media group based in the Hearst Tower in Midtown Manhattan, New York City .
Acqua Limone is a clothing brand from Gothenburg in Sweden, founded in 1979 by Ilse Stålblad .
The Mir of Hunza was the title of the rulers of the Hunza Valley in the Northern Areas, Pakistan .
Cam Đức is an urban township , the district capital of Cam Lâm District, Khánh Hòa Province, Vietnam .
Lagos State is an administrative division of Nigeria, located in the southwestern part of the country .
Irvin David Yalom is an American existential psychiatrist who is emeritus professor of psychiatry at Stanford University, as well as author of both fiction and nonfiction .
Founded in 1991, Intertech is the largest combined software developer training company and research-supported consulting firm in Minnesota .
Juraj Červenák was published in 2006, with two sequels scheduled for publication in 2007 .
The Iraq Economic Development Group is an apolitical private limited company established in United Kingdom that facilitates financial services in Britain .
Extrude Hone Corporation is a manufacturing company specializing in the finishing of airplane and automobile parts such as hubs, gearboxes, and a variety of metal workpieces .
Nirvanix was an American-based provider of cloud storage services headquartered in San Diego, California, United States .
Forcht Group of Kentucky is a group of companies principally owned by Terry E .
North Australia can refer to a former territory, a former colony or a proposed state which would replace the current Northern Territory .
Mert Yücel is an electronic music producer and definitely one of the key players defining the underground house sound emerging from Istanbul .
Inspiring the world with design, operational excellence and innovation, MAS Holdings has established themselves as the preferred supplier of the world’s foremost fashion brands .
Maria Barnas in which language and image are combined, results of which have been presented at Annet Gelink Gallery, Amsterdam .
Sundstrand Corporation was founded in 1926 as a merger of the Rockford Tool Company and Rockford Milling Machine Company in Rockford, Illinois .
Two distinct and separate railroad refrigerator car companies have operated under the name Western Refrigerator Line .
Royal Bus Lines is a private bus service in Atlanta, Georgia which operates on Buford Highway and Roswell Road, servicing Perimeter Mall and other surrounding areas .
United States housing prices experienced a major market correction after unsustainable valuations peaked in 2005-2006, prices of real estate then adjusted downwards causing a loss of market liquidity and subprime defaults A real estate bubble is a type of economic bubble that occurs periodically in local, regional, national or global real estate markets .
The Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic , also known as the Azerbaijan SSR or Soviet Azerbaijan, was one of the republics that made up the former Soviet Union .
Declan O'Loan is a former member of the Northern Ireland Assembly in the North Antrim constituency, and a serving member of Ballymena Borough Council .
Paul Cook is a science fiction writer, classical music critic, and a Principal Lecturer in the English Department at Arizona State University .
Patch Products is a national manufacturer and marketer of family entertainment products, specializing in games, children's puzzles, toys, activities and teaching tools .
Cowlairs Locomotive, Carriage and Wagon Works , at Cowlairs in Springburn, an area in the north-east of Glasgow, Scotland, was built in 1841 for the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway and was taken over by the North British Railway in 1865 .
Fahir Atakoğlu is a Turkish pianist and composer who has worked with a wide range of artists across many genres of music, ranging in style from symphonic scoring to advertising jingles .
Bengt Fredrick Federley is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Parliament of Sweden 2006-2014, and MEP since 1 July 2014 .
Danilo Ángel Astori Saragosa is a Uruguayan social democratic politician who has been Vice President of Uruguay since 2010 .
Bijawar is a town and a nagar panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India .
Maruha Nichiro Corporation is a Japanese seafood company, beginning its operation in 1888, when its founder, Ikujiro Nakabe, began a fish sale business in Osaka .
Klimovsk Specialized Ammunition Plant is an ammunition enterprise located in Russian town Klimovsk near Podolsk in the Moscow region .
The Hungarian Soviet Republic or Hungarian Republic of Councils was a short-lived independent communist state established in Hungary in the aftermath of World War I .
Triple Five Group is a shopping mall owner and operator, hotel operator and real estate company based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada .
The Musion Eyeliner is a proprietary high definition video projection system that allows moving images to appear within a live stage setting .
Valleyarm is a music industry company that specialises in digital distribution, publishing and online marketing of music and video content .
Alan Curtis Bates is an American physician and a Democratic politician from the U .
Brian Bowles is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Bantamweight division .
Andwélé ""Andy"" Cedric Slory is a Dutch footballer who plays as a Right Winger for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Gate Group gategroup is the parent company for 11 brands that provide services to the travel industry, including catering, hospitality, provisioning and logistics .
Studebaker was a United States wagon and automobile manufacturer based in South Bend, Indiana .
Irene Rice Pereira was an American abstract artist, poet, and philosopher who played a significant role in the development of modernism in America .
HIRO Media that provides a range of video distribution and monetization solutions and technologies .
Sir Panambakkam Anandacharlu CIE was an Indian advocate, freedom fighter and one of the early doyens of the Indian National Congress .
Rahman , for which he won his first Kerala State Award for Best Supporting Actor .
Machala ,it is also the fourth biggest city of the country; and the second most important port, it has been referred to as the Banana Capital of the World .
Tom Amberry is an American retired podiatrist who is best known for owning the world record for most consecutive free throws made, having shot 2,750 of them in a row in a span of 12 hours in 1993 at the age of 71 .
Deutsche Angelgeräte Manufaktur is a German manufacturer of high quality fishing equipment that included conventional reels, rods, lures .
Tommaso Pincio is the pseudonym of Marco Colapietro, an Italian author of five novels, including Love-shaped story, the only one translated in English so far .
Datuk Seri Shahrizat Abdul Jalil , and therefore also the Chairlady of the Women's Wing of the ruling Barisan Nasional coalition .
The Treaty of Mississiniwas or the Treaty of Mississinewa is an 1826 treaty between the United States and the Miami tribe .
Brianne Davis is an American model, actress, producer and director, known for her roles in Jarhead and Prom Night .
The Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus , with a population of about 1 million .
Vienna in the 2011 Innovation Cities Index, which analyzed 162 indicators in covering three areas: culture, infrastructure, and markets .
Antex is an Italian company owned by FIS-Antex Group, which provides human resources and finance & administration services in outsource, headquartered in Milan, Italy .
Jane Belk Moncure was an American author of early childhood non-fiction, fiction and poetry .
Kelantan , is an agrarian state with lush paddy fields, rustic fishing villages and casuarina-lined beaches .
JLL Partners is an American private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions and leveraged recapitalizations of middle-market companies .
Arthur Penhallow is a radio presenter in Detroit, Michigan who hosted afternoons on active rock station WRIF from 1970-2009 .
Robert O'Neil ""Bob"" Forrest is the lead vocalist and lyricist for Los Angeles bands Thelonious Monster and The Bicycle Thief .
Jayne West is an American operatic soprano, who was born in White Plains, New York, and was raised in Framingham, Massachusetts .
Raven Software is an American video game developing company based in Wisconsin and founded in 1990 .
Dina Pugliese is a Canadian television personality, currently the co-host of City Toronto's Breakfast Television Toronto alongside Kevin Frankish .
Alberto Campo Baeza is a Spanish architect, Head Professor of Design at the School of Architecture of Madrid ETSAM since 1986 .
Velocity Micro is a privately held computer manufacturer located in Richmond, VA , specializing in custom high performance gaming computers, pro workstations, and high performance compute solutions .
María Laura Espido Freire is a writer born in Bilbao, Spain on July 16, 1974 .
SLAMM!! Events was a Netherlands based mixed martial arts and thaiboxing promotion based in Almere, Netherlands .
Steve Jackson Games is a game company, founded in 1980 by Steve Jackson, that creates and publishes role-playing, board, and card games, and the gaming magazine Pyramid .
John Eric Bartholomew, OBE , known by his stage name Eric Morecambe, was an English comedian who together with Ernie Wise formed the award-winning double act Morecambe and Wise .
China Merchants Holdings is a major conglomerate based in Hong Kong and is involved in a range of businesses such as port operations, general and bulk cargo transportation, container and shipping business, air cargo, logistics park operation and paint products .
Gorgan About this sound pronunciation east of Gorgan is the Golestan National Park .
Glenn Simon is an American actor best known for his appearances with the Virginia City Players, Montana’s oldest summer stock company, specializing in authentic 19th century entertainment .
Patrick Ollier is a French MP for the UMP party and the Mayor of Rueil-Malmaison .
The South Pole Traverse, also called the McMurdo – South Pole Highway, is an approximately 995-mile-long compacted snow road in Antarctica that links the United States's McMurdo Station on the coast to the Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station .
Ivan Radenović is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for AZS Koszalin of the Polish Basketball League .
The Sufid dynasty was a Turkic dynasty that ruled in Khwarezm, in the Amu Darya river delta .
Gallimaufry Performing Arts is a theater and dance company founded in 2004 in Laguna Beach, California by Steve Josephson, the current Executive Artistic Director .
Anthony Martin is a professional escape artist, locksmith and Christian Evangelist most known for his daredevil skydiving and underwater escapes on network television .
Meiji Holdings Company, Limited is a stockholding company established on April 1, 2009, after the stock transfer from Meiji Seika Kaisha Ltd .
VolkerRail is a specialist railway infrastructure services company based in Doncaster, England, providing services across the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Prairie Lights is an independent bookstore in downtown Iowa City, Iowa, founded in 1978, by Jim Harris .
The Kingdom of Luang Phrabang was formed in 1707 as a result of the split of the Kingdom of Lan Xang .
Piquadro is an Italian leather goods company specializing in business and travel items in Italy and internationally .
Kevin Lee James , was a candidate in the 2013 Los Angeles mayoral election and a former Assistant U .
Klenger Burger is an Indonesian restaurant chain based in Jakarta, operated by PT Kinarya Anak Negeri .
The Komancza Republic was a short-lived microstate, an association of thirty Lemko villages, based around Komańcza in eastern Lemkivshchyna, that existed between 4 November 1918 and 23 January 1919 .
Garhwal Kingdom (Hindi: गढ़वाल राज्य was a princely state in north-western Uttarakhand, India, ruled by the Rajput dynasty .
Nordic Light is a new standard to be used when providing Nordic trade data to investors .
The Anatolian beylik of Teke of Teke until the early years of the Republic of Turkey .
Troy Jason Matteson is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour .
The Taiwan Power Company is a state-owned electric power utility providing electric power to Taiwan and off-shore islands of Republic of China .
Ford-Vairogs was the name of a car factory in Riga, Latvia, that produced license built Ford cars between September 1937 and 1940 when it was expropriated as the property of the Soviet government .
K Studios , March of Dimes, Service Electric Cable TV, Fangoria Magazine, Geisinger Health System, Anchor Bay Entertainment, Majestic Athletic, The Badlees, and C .
Andy McKee is an American fingerstyle guitar player who has released several solo albums and been the subject of several popular YouTube videos .
Christopher ""Chris"" Peter Hartcher MP is an Australian politician, a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Terrigal as an Independent since 2013 and for the Liberal Party from 2007 to 2013, and has previously represented Gosford between 1988 and 2007 .
Ram Krishna Dhakal is a pop, playback singer, actor and reality show judge from Nepal .
Pride Group is a vertical textile group engaged in the manufacture and export of knitwear products to the European Union, the USA and Canada .
River Gee is a county in the southern portion of the West African nation of Liberia .
Digital Equipment Corporation, also known as DEC and using the trademark Digital, was a major American company in the computer industry from the 1960s to the 1990s .
VakıfBank is the fifth largest bank in Turkey with its $46 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009 .
Seymour ""Sy"" Sternberg is Chairman and former CEO of New York Life Insurance Company .
Elizabeth ""Betty"" Cooper is a fictional character of Archie Comics, the blonde-haired love interest of Archie Andrews .
Italian Trans-Juba was a briefly-extant Italian colony in the territory of present-day southern Somalia .
Wayne Cochran is an American soul singer, known for his outlandish outfits and white pompadour hairstyle .
The USOC Athlete of the Year awards are presented on an annual basis by the United States Olympic Committee to athletes who have distinguished themselves in one of the Olympic or Paralympic sports .
East Germany, formally the German Democratic Republic or GDR , though other parties nominally participated in its alliance organisation, the National Front of Democratic Germany .
Bruno Soriano Llido , simply known as Bruno, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a defensive midfielder .
Hawaii long, which is fourth in the United States after those of Alaska, Florida and California .
The Duchy of Styria was a duchy located in modern-day southern Austria and northern Slovenia .
Chevrolet Sales India Pvt Ltd is the division of General Motors India Private Limited which in turn is a joint venture of General Motors of the United States .
Jason Minett is a former professional footballer who began his career with Norwich City .
Szabolcs was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day northeastern Hungary .
Lote Daulako Tuqiri is a Fijian-Australian professional dual-code rugby footballer who last played for South Sydney Rabbitohs of the NRL .
Sachi Tainaka is a Japanese singer who is best known for her vocals in the opening songs of the anime version of Fate/stay night .
Castel Film Romania was started in 1992 by Romanian film producer Vlad Păunescu and Hollywood producer Charles Band .
Print Audit is a private company that provides print tracking and copy auditing tools to office equipment dealers and end-users .
The Tredegar Iron Works was a historic iron works in Richmond, the capital of the U .
Blaby Computer Games was a software company based in Blaby in Leicestershire, they produced computer games for home computers in the early 1980s .
Fieldbrook Foods is the brand name of Fieldbrook Foods Corporation, a $100 million manufacturer of private label ice cream and frozen desserts based out of Dunkirk, New York .
Simon Christopher Rayner is a Canadian football goalkeeper, currently signed to Three Bridges in the Sussex County League Division One .
Devlin ""Dev"" Reeves is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in Europe and the United States .
Saxe-Gotha was one of the Saxon duchies held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in the former Landgraviate of Thuringia .
Roger Solomon Osborne , a resident of Fairborn, Ohio, was the author of five books about Appalachia: Land of Yesterday, The Mountains Wept, Pilgrimage To An Appalachian Mining Camp, Voices from Appalachia, and My Mountain Angel .
The Pashalik of Berat was a pashalik created in modern-day central Albania by Ahmet Kurt Pasha in 1774 and dissolved after Ahmet's ally, Ibrahim Pasha of Berat was defeated by Ali Pasha in 1809, thus incorporating the pashalik, with the Pashalik of Janina .
The Bay Restaurant Group is a hospitality company in the United Kingdom, specialising in restaurant and pub chains .
Bangladesh Academy for Rural Development is an autonomous institution that strives for research and training of local people as well as practitioners on rural development .
The Bank of Wales is a trading division of Bank of Scotland plc which provides savings products through life insurance intermediaries .
Isolée is microhouse artist Rajko Müller, a minimalist house producer whose music is reminiscent of indie electronic pop music of the early eighties and ambient techno from a decade on .
Kamtapur is the name of a state proposed in north West Bengal and Assam by the Rajbongshi people .
The Adil Shahi or Adilshahi, was a Shia Muslim dynasty, founded by Yusuf Adil Shah, that ruled the Sultanate of Bijapur, centered on present-day Bijapur district, Karnataka in India, in the Western area of the Deccan region of Southern India from 1490 to 1686 .
Five & Two Pictures is an independent Christian film production company founded in 2002 by Dave Christiano and Rich Christiano .
La'cryma is a Japanese based video game developer that specializes in the development of visual novels .
Mécanique Aviation Traction or Matra was a French company covering a wide range of activities mainly related to automobiles, bicycles, aeronautics and weaponry .
Hayball is a Melbourne based Australian architectural practice offering architecture, interior design and urban planning services .
Almarai , was established in Riyadh in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1977 as a partnership between the Irish agri-foods pioneer Alastair McGuckian and his brother Paddy, and Prince Sultan bin Mohammed bin Saud Al Kabeer .
Fasthosts Internet Ltd is a provider of Internet access and hosting services based in Gloucester, England .
Alan Zweibel is an American producer and writer who has worked on such productions as Saturday Night Live, PBS' Great Performances, and It's Garry Shandling's Show .
Glencore plc is an Anglo–Swiss multinational commodity trading and mining company headquartered in Baar, Switzerland and with its registered office in Saint Helier, Jersey .
for other uses see Myaung is a town in the Sagaing Region in central Myanmar .
Kasama is the capital of the Northern Province of Zambia, situated on the central-southern African plateau at an elevation of about 1400 m .
Opel India Pvt Ltd is the division of the General Motors India Private Limited which in turn is a joint venture of General Motors of the United States .
Obot Okon Ita or Obinkita was the capital of the Ibibio kingdom of Obong Okon Ita before its conquest by Igbo and Akpa invaders in 1690–1720 .
The Hill States of India were princely states in the northern border regions lying of the British Indian Empire .
Arno Drost is the CEO and co-founder of new media company Brothers in Art, co-founder of the Digital Artist Community GFXartist .
Renee Stout is a contemporary artist known for assemblage artworks dealing with her personal history and African-American heritage .
County Coleraine, called the County of Colerain in the earliest documents, was one of the counties of Ireland from 1585 to 1613 .
The Popham Colony was a short-lived English colonial settlement in North America that was founded in 1607 and located in the present-day town of Phippsburg, Maine near the mouth of the Kennebec River by the proprietary Virginia Company of Plymouth .
Brussels , the city has become the polyglot home of numerous international organisations, politicians, diplomats and civil servants .
Nick Fazekas is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Toshiba Brave Thunders in the Japan Basketball League .
Chemical Watch is an online journal agency which gathers the latest developments on chemical legislation around the world and summarises them for its subscribers to read .
Majordomo Records is an indie record label formed as an imprint of Shout! Factory, a Los Angeles-based audio/video label started by the founders of Rhino Records .
Bashir Tahir born in Bhera is a prominent corporate figure in the banking, communication, and real estate sectors of Pakistan .
Edgardo Díaz , but after the La Pandilla members grew up, he moved back to Puerto Rico, and created Menudo .
A'Rosa Cruises is a cruise line based in Rostock, Germany, which operates river cruises in Germany .
American Premier Bank is a California state bank established by Chinese Americans in the United States .
Lutheran Health Network is the largest healthcare provider in the northeast region of Indiana in the United States, with nine separately licensed hospitals and nearly 1,000 licensed beds, including 800 in Allen County, Indiana alone .
Gaston Rebry , was also a road-racing cyclist in the 1950s but moved to Canada in 1954 to become a landscape painter .
Gaya was a Korean confederacy of territorial polities in the Nakdong River basin of southern Korea, growing out of the Byeonhan confederacy of the Samhan period .
The Diocese of Chur extends over the Swiss Cantons of Graubünden , Schwyz, Glarus, Zurich, Nidwalden, Obwalden and Uri .
BC Telephone and later BC Tel was the legal operating name for the telephone company operating throughout the province of British Columbia, Canada .
Andrew Robert ""Andy"" Kirk (born 29 May 1979 in Belfast is a Northern Irish footballer, currently without a club .
Djibouti is the capital and largest city of Djibouti, which is named after it .
108 in Los Angeles with Eltono, Dem, Microbo and other artists to represent Europe in the U .
Ma'bar Sultanate , unofficially known as the Madurai Sultanate was a short lived independent Muslim kingdom based in the city of Madurai in Tamil Nadu, India .
Lee Goldberg is an American meteorologist at New York City's WABC-TV, where he anchors Eyewitness News Accu-Weather coverage at 4pm, 5pm, 6pm and 11pm .
Tweakbench was founded in 2002 by Aaron Rutledge and is based in New York City, New York .
Aibel is one of the largest oil service companies in Norway and is also established within renewable energy .
Danube Technologies is an American software subsidiary of CollabNet, offering products for the improvement of management and engineering processes through Scrum .
Until its closing in 2010, Simon David was the oldest gourmet and specialty foods store in Dallas, Texas .
The Mid-Atlantic, also called Middle Atlantic states or the Mid-Atlantic states, form a region of the United States generally located between New England and the South Atlantic States .
The Grand Duchy of Vladimir issued from the Golden Horde to a noble family of any of smaller principalities .
Dennis Mengoy Cagara is a Danish–Filipino professional footballer who previously played for Hvidovre as a left back .
Drama and improvement of the road network towards the port of Kavala, led to an increase in the population of the city and to the enhancement of commercial activity .
Nazi Germany and the Third Reich are common names for the German Reich from 1933 to 1945, when it was under control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party were considered the purest of the Aryan race, and therefore the master race .
The Principality of Sealand is an unrecognised self-declared state consisting entirely of Roughs Tower, an offshore platform located in the North Sea approximately 12 kilometres off the coast of Suffolk, England .
Datamonitor is an international company providing market intelligence, data analysis and opinion via a worldwide network of in-house analysts .
Brian Mitchell is a keyboard and accordion player based in New York City who is well known for high-profile collaborations, and for consummate session work .
Okjeo was a Korean tribal state which arose in the northern Korean peninsula from perhaps the 2nd century BC to the 5th century AD .
Father Antonio Demo was a New York City Italian American priest and civic activist .
During both World War I and World War II, Switzerland managed to keep a stance of armed neutrality, and was not involved militarily .
Frank Urso is a former American lacrosse player and current high school lacrosse coach, best known for his collegiate career at the University of Maryland from 1973 to 1976 .
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC is a full-service investment banking firm, specializing in the small and micro cap markets .
ZAZ or Zaporizhia Automobile Building Plant is the main automobile manufacturer of Ukraine, based in the south-eastern city of Zaporizhia .
Agneta Sjödin is a Swedish television presenter and personality of the Swedish television channel TV4 .
Unigine Corp is an international software development company with offices in Tomsk, Russia and San Francisco, USA .
Felicity Pulman is an Australian author with an interest in crime, history and fantasy .
Love Minus Zero Recordings is the second subsidiary record label created by siblings Richard and Stephanie Reines .
The Portuguese conquest of the Jaffna kingdom occurred after Portuguese traders arrived at the rival Kotte Kingdom in the southwest of modern Sri Lanka in 1505 .
Lend Lease Infrastructure is the second largest construction and engineering specialist business in Australia and a division of Lend Lease Group .
Martin Dougiamas , lives in Perth, Australia and is an educator and computer scientist with postgraduate degrees in Computer Science and Education .
Stabat is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Langkat Regency .
A jack chain is a type of chain made of thin wire, with figure-eight-shaped links, and loops at right angles to each other .
Jennifer Griffin is a Fox News correspondent, currently reporting from The Pentagon in Washington, D .
SoftMaker Software GmbH is a software company that produces office software and is located in Nuremberg, Germany .
Sarah Andrews is an American geologist and author of twelve science-based mystery novels and several short stories .
Winmau is a British manufacturer of dartboards, other darts equipment and title sponsor of the oldest darts tournament still running, the Winmau World Masters .
Detonics is an American firearm manufacturing company originally founded around 1976, which has existed under several owners and variants of this name .
Texas de Brazil is a family owned churrascaria restaurant chain with locations both internationally and domestically .
D&D Media Group is an independent creator, producer, and distributor of content and concepts for interactive television, internet, and mobile services .
François Braud while his best individual finish was sixth three times, all in 2009 .
Nathaniel Lande, born of Canadian parents, is a journalist, author, and filmmaker with a career spanning several decades .
Sona Jobarteh is the first female kora player to come from a Griot family, as well as a vocalist, multi-instrumentalist and composer from the Gambia and the UK .
Ángel Atienza Landeta is a Spanish artist and retired footballer who played as a defender for Real Madrid, with whom he won the inaugural European Cup .
Old Colorado City, formerly Colorado City, is a national historic district in the city of Colorado Springs .
The March of Ivrea was a large frontier county in the northwest of the medieval Italian kingdom from the late 9th to the early 11th century .
Ken Onion is an American award-winning custom knifemaker based in Kaneohe, Hawaii, USA who invented the ""SpeedSafe"" assisted opening mechanism for Kershaw Knives .
Josef Klose and thus could resettle in West Germany as Aussiedler, which they did in 1985, settling down in Kusel .
The Rosa Luxemburg Foundation is a German, non-profit, research foundation associated with The Left party .
Sinoenergy Corporation is a manufacturer of compressed natural gas , vehicle and gas station equipment as well as an operator of CNG stations in China .
The Empire of Romania or Latin Empire of Constantinople, was a feudal Crusader state founded by the leaders of the Fourth Crusade on lands captured from the Byzantine Empire .
The Launceston Players Society is an Australian theatre company, formed in September 1926 in Launceston Tasmania .
Sandra Lee ""Sandi"" Jackson of the City of Chicago in the 2007 municipal elections held on February 27, 2007 .
The Central Pacific Railroad is the former name of the railroad network built between California and Utah, USA that formed part of the ""First Transcontinental Railroad"" in North America .
Student Agency is a Czech travel agency whose main focuses are on au-pair programmes, resale of airline tickets and bus transport .
Radio Otago was a radio company that operated a group of local radio stations in radio markets around New Zealand from the 1970s to the late 1990s .
Cambriol or New Cambriol was the name given to one of North America's early English colonies established by Sir William Vaughan .
Dagong Global Credit Rating which can be translated into English as 'impartial and without prejudice' .
Acme Monaco Corporation is an Original Equipment Manufacturer speciality wire manufacturer serving the medical, commercial, and orthodontic industries .
Force Protection Europe , a light-weight mine-protected military vehicle, which was developed to replace the Snatch Land Rover .
Susan Holloway Scott is an American author of historical fiction who also writes historical romance novels under the pen name Miranda Jarrett .
British Railways , which from 1965 traded as British Rail, was the operator of most of the rail transport in Great Britain between 1948 and 1997 .
Vasily Sopromadze Platonovich is a property developer in Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation and the president of property development company Corporation S LLC .
The Lands of the Bohemian Crown now often called ""Czech lands"" were a region in central Europe during the medieval and early modern periods connected by feudal relations under the joint rule of the Bohemian kings .
César Santin is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Kalmar FF in Allsvenskan .
The Crossroads Group was a Dallas-based private equity fund of funds firm focusing on venture capital investments .
Sharon Rene Brown is a beauty queen from Louisiana who was crowned Miss USA 1961, becoming the first Miss USA titleholder in history to win the Photogenic award .
Manama is the capital and largest city of Bahrain, with an approximate population of 157,000 people .
Sesame Workshop , is an American non-profit organization behind the production of several educational children's programs—including its first and best-known, Sesame Street—that have run on public broadcasting around the world .
Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company is a United States based home building and real-estate development company .
The Bank of Greenland is the only local commercial bank in Greenland, listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange as GRLA, with 2,700 shareholders in 2010 .
The Omega interpreter is a strict pure functional programming interpreter similar to the Hugs Haskell interpreter .
Drew Osborne, an American actor, yoga teacher, and film & television producer, was born March 11, 1991, in Salt Lake City, Utah .
Alexandra ""Alex"" Guarnaschelli is a celebrity chef and executive chef at New York City's Butter restaurant and was executive chef at the award-winning The Darby restaurant before its closing .
Rod Beckstrom is an American author, high-tech entrepreneur, and former CEO and President of ICANN .
The Seventeen Provinces was a term applied to the Imperial states of the Habsburg Netherlands in the 15th and 16th century .
Baskin-Robbins Australia is a wholly owned and operated subsidiary of Dunkin' Brands, the parent company of Baskin-Robbins and Dunkin' Donuts .
Robert ""Bob"" Alan Hasegawa is a member of the Washington State Senate, representing 11th Legislative District since January 2013 .
Marjorie Heins is a First Amendment lawyer, writer and founder of the Free Expression Policy Project .
Zahedan is a city in and the capital of Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran .
Markus Niemelä is a Finnish race car driver, currently in the Atlantic Championship series in North America .
Rebecca Corry and dog fighting and by doing so, create safe and humane communities for humans and animals .
Phyllis McCarthy was a noted South African breeder of and authority on Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs .
The Bishopric of Constance Diocese of Konstanz existed from about 585 until its dissolution in 1821 .
Deepam TV is a UK-based No 1 Tamil Channel in Europe Tamil language digital satellite subscription television channel .
Marike Groot as she is one of their guests singers for their debut album ""Beyond the black"" .
Viadukt is a Croatian civil engineering company, specialised in the areas of bridge, tunnel and road engineering .
Qom About this sound pronunciation , considered a souvenir of the city and sold by 2,000 to 2,500 ""Souhan"" shops .
Thornburg Mortgage was a United States real estate investment trust that originated, acquired and managed mortgages, with a specific focus on jumbo and super jumbo adjustable rate mortgages .
China BlueChemical Limited or China BlueChemical is the largest nitrogenous fertilizer manufacturer in Mainland China by production volume and energy efficiency, engaging in processing of natural gas for production of chemical fertilizers and other chemical products .
Julie McCrossin is an Australian radio broadcaster, journalist, comedian and campaigner for women's and gay rights .
Pure Tonic Media was a creative production company that provided services including radio imaging, music beds and jingles for Radio stations including BBC Radio 1, Kiss 100, Bauer Radio & Production Vault .
Digital Assembly LLC is a privately owned software company based in the downtown area of New York, United States .
Business oligarch is almost a synonym of the term ""business magnate"", borrowed by the English-speaking and western media from post-Soviet parlance to describe the huge, quickly acquired wealth of some businessmen of the Post-Soviet states during the privatization in Russia and other post-Soviet states in the 1990s .
The First Hellenic Republic is a term used to refer to the provisional Greek state during the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire .
Mamadou Diop, also known as Modou Diop, is a Senegalese performing artist, now living in the United States .
Dan-D Foods Ltd is an importer, manufacturer and distributor of cashews, dried fruits, rice crackers, snack foods, spices, and other packaged foods from around the world .
The Territory Northwest of the River Ohio, more commonly known as the Northwest Territory, was an organized incorporated territory of the United States .
The Battle of Infernal Caverns was a battle during the Snake War fought between Native Americans and the U .
Michael Holman is an artist, writer, avant-garde musician, hip hop impresario and filmmaker as well as Early 1980s, Downtown Scene ""subculturalist"" best known as the screenwriter of the film, ""Basquiat,"" directed by Julian Schnabel and released by Miramax Films, host of the short-lived hip hop music program Graffiti Rock and a founding member, along with Jean-Michel Basquiat, of the experimental rock band Gray .
AgFirst Farm Credit Bank, headquartered in Columbia, South Carolina, provides funding and financial services to 19 Agricultural Credit Associations in 15 eastern states and Puerto Rico .
The Theme of Cephallenia or Cephalonia located in western Greece, comprising the Ionian Islands, and extant from the 8th century until partially conquered by the Kingdom of Sicily in 1185 .
The Nu-Klea Starlite was an electrically powered automobile built by the Nu-Klea Automobile Corporation from Lansing, Michigan, United States, from 1959-60 .
Moskovskaya Konditerskaya Fabrika Krasny Oktyabr Open Joint-Stock Company is a Russian confectionery manufacturer and a member of Obyedinyonnye Kontserny holding company .
CoH is the musical alias of Ivan Pavlov as well as with the British band Coil .
The Soviet Occupation Zone remained official and common names for East Germany in West Germany, which refused to acknowledge the existence of a state in East Germany until 1972, when the government of Willy Brandt extended a qualified recognition under its Ostpolitik initiative .
Sarcos is an American engineering and robotics firm based in the University of Utah Research Park in Salt Lake City, Utah .
The Albatros was an English automobile manufactured in Croft Road, Coventry and founded in 1922 by H .
Luc Sonor is a former French international footballer who played in both France and Scotland .
Río Negro is a province of Argentina, located at the northern edge of Patagonia .
The Duchy of Merania , probably referring to the coastal strip on the Kvarner Gulf of the Adriatic Sea west of Rijeka, which belonged to the Imperial March of Istria .
Gary Chaw , also known as Gary Cao or Cao Ge is a Malaysian Chinese singer-songwriter based in Taiwan, who has had achieved success in Taiwan, Malaysia, Hong Kong, and Singapore .
Alan Baker is a Republican member of the Alabama House of Representatives, representing the 66th district, Baldwin and Escambia counties .
Miles Tredinnick, also known as Riff Regan, is a rock musician, songwriter and a stage and screen writer .
Photocure ASA is a Norwegian pharmaceutical company that develops and sells pharmaceuticals and medical devices based on proprietary photodynamic technology, targeting key dermatology and oncology markets .
Cancer Treatment Centers of America is a private, for-profit operator of cancer treatment hospitals and outpatient clinics which provide both conventional and alternative medical treatments .
Pusapati Vijaya Rama Gajapati Raju, in 1958, in memory of his father, for the promotion of education .
Entertainment Film Distributors is a British distributor of independent films in the UK and Ireland for various production companies, currently run by Nigel and Trevor Green .
Nicole Marthe Le Douarin FMedSci is a developmental biologist, famed for her studies of chimeras, which have led to critical insights regarding higher animal nervous and immune systems .
Mainz , formerly known in English as Mentz, is the capital of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany .
The United States of Colombia was the name adopted in 1861 through the Rionegro Constitution for the Granadine Confederation, modern-day Brazil, Colombia, Panama and Peru, following years of civil war .
Serdar Tasci is a German footballer who plays as a centre back for Spartak Moscow .
Chamba State was one of the oldest princely states in present-day Republic of India, having been founded during the late 6th century .
Jeff Vespa is an American photographer, known as a co-founder of WireImage and the editor-at-large of LIFE .
Jon Christopher Davis , ""The Boy I Left Behind,"" ""Lone Star Attitude,"" ""Baby Looks Good on You"" and ""The Bottom Line .
P-Cube was a service delivery platform company based in the United States, with R&D facilities in Herzliya, Israel .
The Buffalo Bills Radio Network is a broadcast radio network based in Buffalo, New York, the official radio broadcaster of the Buffalo Bills .
The Taifa of Málaga was a Muslim taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain, which existed for four distinct time-periods: from 1026 to 1057, from 1073 to 1090, from 1145 to 1153 and from 1229 to 1239 when it was finally conquered by Granada .
Jeffrey Alan Roehl is a dance music DJ and producer based in Chicago, known by his stage name Xonic .
The Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic , also known as the Georgian SSR, was one of the republics of the Soviet Union .
Arthur Leopold Busch or Du Busc was a British-born American naval architect responsible for the development of the United States Navy's first submarines .
Abul Ala Maududi , was a widely read and highly influential 20th-century Islamist political philosopher, journalist, Islamic scholar, and Muslim revivalist leader in India, and later Pakistan .
Darren Burns was an Australian rugby league player for the Western Suburbs Magpies, South Sydney Rabbitohs, Sydney Roosters and the Brisbane Broncos over his seven-year career in the Australian National Rugby League competition .
The Bradford Exchange is a producer and marketer of collectible goods, jewelry, sports memorabilia and apparel .
Amina Al Jassim or Amina Al-Jassim, is a Saudi Arabian fashion designer of haute couture and jellabiyas .
The Manderscheid family was the most powerful family in the Eifel region of Germany for a considerable period of time in the 15th century .
Special Agent Martin Fitzgerald is a fictional character on the canceled CBS crime drama Without a Trace, portrayed by Eric Close .
Brian Deon Barton is a Major League Baseball outfielder, who is currently with the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball .
Lodha Group, established in 1980 is a Mumbai based real estate developer into housing and commercial projects .
Big Orange Clown Records is a record label based in Des Moines, Iowa, which was founded by Slipknot percussionist Shawn Crahan .
Runnymede Drama Group is a community theatre group based in Chertsey, Surrey that is notable for not only for its longevity, but also for its success both at a national and international level being one of the few groups to have won every major festival in the United Kingdom and having also been selected to represent the United Kingdom on the international stage .
The Bauchi Emirate was founded by Fula in the early 19th century in what is now Bauchi State, Nigeria, with its capital in Bauchi .
Premier Medical Group is a UK company that provides expert opinions for the legal and insurance industries, related to when people have been involved in car crashes and work place accidents resulting in a personal injury .
Majalengka is a City in the West Java province of Indonesia the capital of Majalengka Regency .
Fractured Transmitter is a record company started by Jason Popson around the time he departed from Mushroomhead in 2004 .
F&C Asset Management Plc is an asset management company and is part of BMO Global Asset Management .
The Dutch Slave Coast refers to the trading posts of the Dutch West India Company on the Slave Coast, which lie in contemporary Benin, Togo and Nigeria .
Sharjah Islamic Bank, formerly known as the National Bank of Sharjah, is a publicly listed Islamic bank headquartered in the emirate of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates .
Sean Brian Gilder as well as New Tricks, Gangs of New York, and the 2004 film, King Arthur .
KaNgwane was a bantustan in South Africa, intended by the apartheid government to be a semi-independent homeland for the Swazi people .
The Federation of South Arabia was an organization of states under British protection in what would become South Yemen .
Tom Brosseau is an American musical storyteller and guitarist, born and raised in Grand Forks, North Dakota .
Towers Perrin was a professional services firm specialising in human resources and financial services consulting, which merged in January 2010 with Watson Wyatt to form Towers Watson .
John Aldrich Ruthven is an American artist best known for his paintings of wildlife .
Bryan Lewis Saunders is a performance artist, videographer, and performance poet known for his disturbing spoken word rants, tragic art performances and Stand up tragedy .
Angel Corpus Christi , and played accordion on Spiritualized's 1997 album Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space .
John Alexander Scott Coutts , better known by the pseudonym John Willie, was the artist, fetish photographer, editor, and publisher of the soft-porn cult magazine Bizarre .
The Confederate States of America government rejected secession and considered the Confederacy to be illegitimate .
Isenburg-Birstein was the name of two German historical states based around Birstein in southeastern Hesse, Germany .
Bhupinder Singh is an Indian musician, chiefly a Ghazal singer and also a Bollywood playback singer .
Asad Badie , that included Farhad Darya and others, he became immensely popular not only for his voice, but also for his looks .
The Hanthawaddy Kingdom , making the western kingdom of Arakan a tributary from 1413 to 1421 in the process .
The Seven Kingdoms of Kongo dia Nlaza were a confederation of states in west Central Africa that were absorbed into the Kingdom of Kongo in the 16th century .
Joel Philip ""Phil"" Stacey is an American singer who first gained national attention on season 6 of the television talent show American Idol .
Jungle Entertainment , Yoon Mi-rae, and Bizzy left the label and started Feel Ghood Music .
Eric Powell is an American comic book writer/artist,best known as the creator of The Goon .
Brille Records is an independent record label based in the UK, which has released work from bands including Whirlwind Heat, Good Shoes, Envelopes, Operator Please, The Bridge Gang, The Golden Filter and The Knife .
JATO Dynamics Ltd is a global supplier of automotive business intelligence with headquarters in Harrow, London .
Magpul Industries Corporation is an American designer and manufacturer of polymer and composite high-tech firearms, accessories and concept firearms .
Sei Young Animation was an animation studio based in South Korea, known best for working overseas for North America animated TV shows, such as The Super Mario Bros .
Christiane Noll is an American singer and actress known for her work in musicals and on the concert stage .
Steve Rotfeld Productions -compliant series through its syndication division: Wild About Animals, Awesome Adventures, Whaddyado, Chat Room and Animal Science .
Xuchang area made up of Weidu district, Xuchang county and Changge City largely being urbanized .
Eleven Arts is an American film production and distribution company in Los Angeles, founded by Ko Mori .
Peter Max Lawrence is a contemporary media artist working within painting, video installation, sculpture, photography and drawing .
Wet electrons, which occur on the surface of metal oxides, are a transition state for electrons between the solid and liquid states of matter .
Felix Bus Services was a small British bus and coach operator based in the village of Stanley, near Ilkeston in Derbyshire .
Choice Logistics is a global supply chain company based in the United States, specializing in service parts logistics .
Bill Tapia , known as ""Uncle Bill"" and ""Tappy"", was an American musician, born to Portuguese parents .
AmeriServ Financial is the primary bank in the Johnstown, Pennsylvania region, however, branches can be found throughout the state of Pennsylvania .
Shreekumar Varma is an Indian author, playwright, newspaper columnist and poet, known for the novels Lament of Mohini .
Maksim ""Maks"" Aleksandrovich Chmerkovskiy is a Ukrainian American Latin Ballroom dance champion, choreographer, and instructor .
Town Line is a hamlet and census-designated place in Erie County, New York, United States .
The Canton Railroad is a Class III switching and terminal railroad, operating in eastern Baltimore City and Baltimore County .
Central Macedonia is one of the thirteen administrative regions of Greece, consisting of the central part of the geographical and historical region of Macedonia .
Asia Pulp & Paper, also known in the paper industry as APP, based in Jakarta, Indonesia, is one of the largest pulp and paper companies in the world .
Bank of New Zealand is one of New Zealand's largest banks and has been operating continuously in the country since the first office was opened in Auckland in October 1861 followed shortly after by the first branch in Dunedin in December 1861 .
The Green House Project is an American national non-profit organization dedicated to creating alternative living environments to traditional nursing home care facilities .
Kathryn Albertson was the wife of the founder of the Albertsons chain of grocery stores and a notable philanthropist .
Norwood Cheek is a filmmaker and has directed over 70 music videos for bands She & Him, the EELS, Superchunk, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Ben Folds Five, AFI, Toenut, 12 Stones, French Kicks, the Donnas, Soul Coughing and many others .
Emil Draitser is an author and professor of Russian at Hunter College in New York City .
Louisa So Yuk Wa is a Hong Kong actress in drama and TV series .
Lost Colony Entertainment is an American-based film and television production company that was founded in 2001 by filmmaker Richard O'Sullivan .
Mutare is the third largest city in Zimbabwe, with an urban population of around 188,243 and rural population of around 260,567 .
Gushan Environmental Energy Limited , is a biodiesel producer in China that was incorporated on May 16, 2006 .
Charles Camille Heidsieck was a 19th-century French Champagne merchant who founded the Champagne firm Charles Heidsieck in 1851 .
New York – often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part – is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world .
Bolton Little Theatre is a registered charity located at Hanover Street, Bolton BL1 4TG and has a small car park available .
The Suitcase Royale is an award-winning theatre-comedy ensemble from Melbourne, Australia, composed of Joseph O'Farrell, Miles O'Neil and Glen Walton .
BBC South West is the BBC English Region serving Cornwall, Devon, Isles of Scilly, southern and western Somerset, western Dorset and Channel Islands .
Norwegian Energy Company ASA also known as Noreco is an independent international petroleum company based in Norway .
The Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa is a South African state owned enterprise responsible for most passenger rail services in the country .
Rock Creek is a member of the Grassroots Outdoor Alliance, a group of independent outdoor shops dedicated to the sustainability of the specialty outdoor channel and the quality of the outdoor enthusiast’s experience .
The Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of June 27, 1923 and by the Decree of the VTsIK and the Council of People's Commissars of July 25, 1923 from the Karelian Labor Commune .
Mendefera , formerly Adi Ugri, is the capital city of the Debub Region of Eritrea .
Maintirano is a coastal city and commune in western Madagascar approximately 325 kilometres west of the capital Antananarivo .
SignalDemand, an on-demand provider of price and margin optimization software for large manufacturers, was founded in 2004 by Mike Neal and is based in San Francisco with its European headquarters in London .
The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics assumed the Soviet Union's rights and obligations and is recognised as its continued legal personality .
The South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast of the Soviet Union created within the Georgian SSR on April 20, 1922 .
Far East Global Group was first established in 1969 in Hong Kong as a small workshop and the business was incorporated in 1977 as Far East Aluminium Works Company Limited .
Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited is a North American investor, owner, and manager of commercial real estate .
The state of Serdang was an ancient Malay-Indonesian monarchy, neighboring the Sultanate of Deli, to which it lost some territory .
Independencia is a province of the Dominican Republic, located in the west, on the border with Haiti .
Augustin Chantrel , followed by his return to Red Star, where he would stay until the end of his professional career in 1939 .
Robby the Robot is a fictional character and science fiction icon who first appeared in the 1956 film Forbidden Planet .
David Sean ""Gleeso"" Gleeson is the lead singer of Australian hard rock group The Screaming Jets, which formed in Newcastle .
The UHY Hacker Young Group is a Top 20 Group of UK chartered accountants, with 99 partners and 490 professional staff operating from 24 offices across the UK .
Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company, the largest black-owned insurance company in the western United States, was founded by William Nickerson, Jr .
Ricardo Garijo is an Argentinian author and artist, best known for his long career in comics .
The Theme of Dalmatia on the eastern coast of the Adriatic Sea in Southeastern Europe, headquartered at Zadar .
Velasco was a town in Texas, United States, that was later annexed by the city of Freeport .
Larissa Tahireh ""Lara"" Giddings is an Australian politician and was the 44th Premier of Tasmania from 24 January 2011 until 31 March 2014, being the first female to hold the position .
Andy ""Red Spyda"" Thelusma is an American Hip Hop producer who has worked on many songs for artists such as 50 Cent .
Concentra Financial, is Canada's only financial retail association, a co-operative, providing financial and trust solutions to over 300 Canadian credit unions .
Aaron Fotheringham is an extreme wheelchair athlete who performs tricks adapted from skateboarding and BMX .
Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft mbH is a German non-state-owned railway company based in Uelzen, Lower Saxony since December 2005 .
EasyGroup , founded in 1998, is the holding company controlling the ""easy"" group of companies .
The Ottoman Empire , also historically referred to as the Turkish Empire or Turkey, was a Sunni Islamic state founded by Oghuz Turks under Osman I in northwestern Anatolia in 1299 .
The Friends of Dorothy Society is a bell ringing society for LGBT people and their friends .
The Western Qin was a state of Xianbei ethnicity during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China .
Weldon & Wilkinson Ltd was a dyeing and finishing business including hosiery located in New Basford, Nottingham .
El Nuevo Reino de Galicia or Nueva Galicia was an autonomous kingdom of the Viceroyalty of New Spain .
Newfoundland Colony was the name for an English colony established in 1610 on the island of the same name off the Atlantic coast of Canada, included in the modern-day Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
The Duchy of Brzeg was one of the Duchies of Silesia, created in 1311 during the fragmentation of the Duchy of Wrocław .
Accel Animation Studios is an Indian animation studio that provides 2D, 3D animation, visual effects and gaming services for media companies in India and overseas .
Institution Quraysh for Law & Policy, also known as iQ, is a transnational law firm, and think-tank with offices in Doha, Jeddah, and London .
William Warwick Johnson is a rugby union footballer who plays at Number 8 for RC Nice in France .
Alberto Rodríguez Oliver is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist since 2005, currently riding for Grupo Nicolás Mateos-Murcia .
The Golden Ambrosian Republic was a short-lived government founded in Milan by members of the University of Pavia with popular support .
Italy has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 40 times since making its debut at the first contest in 1956 .
Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg was the name of a branch line of the House of Oldenburg as well as the name of their land .
Dixie Lee is a regional franchised fried chicken fast-food restaurant founded in Belleville, Ontario in 1964 and now based in Kingston .
Soundcraft is a British manufacturer of mixing consoles and other professional audio equipment, and is a subsidiary of Harman International Industries .
Carl Abou Samah better known by his stage name Karl Wolf is a Lebanese-born Canadian musician based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada .
Sean Patrick Duffy is an American politician, prosecutor, former sports commentator and reality television personality .
Barry Leitch is a Scottish video game music composer, responsible for the music in a large number of games spanning multiple consoles and personal computers .
Salta is a city located in the Lerma Valley, at 1,152 metres above sea level in the north west part of Argentina and it is also the name for the capital city of the Salta Province .
Beecher's Handmade Cheese is an artisan cheesemaker and retail shop with locations in the Pike Place Market, Seattle, Washington and New York City's Flatiron District .
Bunge y Born was a multinational corporation based in Buenos Aires, Argentina, whose diverse interests included food processing and international trade in grains and oilseeds .
Coop is a system of Italian consumers' cooperatives which operates the largest supermarket chain in Italy .
The Right Reverend David Standish Ball was the seventh Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Albany in the United States from 1984 to 1998 .
Farm Credit Bank of Texas, located in Austin, Texas, is a wholesale financing institution that is part of the cooperatively owned nationwide Farm Credit System .
Craig Wolfley is a former American football player and current sideline reporter for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Affinage Salon Professional is a premium hair care brand, founded in the UK in 1996 by International Hair Cosmetics Ltd .
The Sorb included the land east of the Saale as far as the Elster and the Pleisse, which might have been controlled by castles .
The Isfendiyarids or Isfendiyarid dynasty ; the beylik collapsed in 1461 when the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II, whose mother is supposedly linked to the Jandarid dynasty, annexed the region .
The Orange Free State as a province under its former name, along with the Cape Province, Natal, and the Transvaal .
Colleen Susan Peterson was a Canadian country and folk singer, who performed both as a solo artist and as a member of the band Quartette .
Stéphan Bureau is a journalist, TV interviewer and producer of TV shows and documentary series .
Semitan is the company responsible for the comprehensive public transport network of Nantes Métropole, the urban community of the French city of Nantes .
The People's Republic of Angola was a self-declared socialist state , which was responsible for its adoption of communism .
The Subalpine Republic was a short-lived republic established in 1800 on the territory of Piedmont during its military rule by Napoleonic France .
Jesse Reklaw is an American cartoonist and painter, author of the syndicated dream-based comic strip Slow Wave .
The Federation of Malaya that existed from 31 January 1948 until 16 September 1963 .
Western Pest Services is a pest control company in the Mid-Atlantic with commercial, residential and fumigation divisions .
The Furzebrook Railway, also known as the Pike Brothers' Tramway, was a narrow gauge industrial railway on the Isle of Purbeck in the English county of Dorset .
Namhkam , also spelt Namkham, is the principal town of Nanhkan Township in northern Shan State, Burma, situated on the southern bank of Shweli River near the border with Yunnan Province, China .
The King's Glory Education Centre is a Cram school in Hong Kong founded in 1986 by Shum Yi-fai .
Ciarán Farrell is an Irish composer who has been active in his field since graduating from Trinity College Dublin in 1997 .
The Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen , also known as the Kingdom of Yemen or, retrospectively, as North Yemen, that existed between 1918 and 1962 in the northern part of what is now Yemen .
Cofio Software, headquartered in San Diego, California, was a privately held startup company founded in 2006 by Tony Cerqueira, Patrick Barcus and Fabrice Helliker .
The Glyndebourne Label is a UK-based record label founded in 2006 to release live recordings of Glyndebourne Festival Opera performances .
The Bear Valley Electric Service Company , is the utility that provides electricity to the Big Bear valley in the San Bernardino Mountains, California, United States .
Alain Chapel was a French Michelin 3 starred chef, credited with being one of the originators of Nouvelle Cuisine .
Simtek Corporation, headquartered in Colorado Springs, CO, was an early leader in the development of SONOS memory technology which it used in its nvSRAM product line which featured a SONOS Flash memory coupled with an SRAM shadow memory to achieve both speed and non-volatility .
Oliver Ortmann is a German top professional pool player whose nickname is ""The Machine"" .
Kalayaan is a fifth class municipality in the Philippine province of Palawan in the Spratly archipelago, situated within the South China Sea .
Powernet , also known as Пауърнет, is a telecommunications company with activities in the broadband Internet, CaTV and Digital phones .
Badi Assad is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, percussionist and guitarist in the jazz and worldbeat genres .
Mapletree Investments Pte Ltd is an Asia-focused real estate development, investment and capital management company headquartered in Singapore .
Aurora Organic Dairy is an American company, based in Boulder, Colorado, which operates large factory farms, each with thousands of dairy cows, in Colorado and Texas .
Niya , is a town in Minfeng County, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, China .
The Karasids or Karasid dynasty of Karasi until the early years of the Republic of Turkey, after which it was renamed after its central town Balıkesir .
PharMerica is a publicly traded Fortune 1000 company formed in January 2007 from the merger of Kindred Healthcare's pharmacy business with a subsidiary of AmerisourceBergen .
Calang, the capital of the Aceh Jaya Regency of the special territory stronghold, will be relocated inland according to Indonesian Welfare Minister Alwi Shihab .
Space Act Agreement is a type of legal agreement specified in the National Aeronautics and Space Act that established NASA .
TAWATEC is a brand of TAWATEC AG Switzerland which designs and makes timepieces which are rugged and luminescent with glowing materials such as tritium .
Voinjama is a small city that serves as the capital of Lofa County, Liberia and is located in the hilly, far northern part of the country near the Guinean border .
The Confederate Memorial in Mayfield is a commemorative monument and fountain located on the courthouse lawn in downtown Mayfield, Kentucky .
Rob Evan is a singer and actor, best known as a lead performer in numerous Broadway musicals, a performer in national and international tours of musical productions, and a featured vocalist on several music albums .
Plastic Ingenuity, headquartered in Cross Plains, WI is a custom thermoformer of plastic and biodegradable packages .
Nobina Norge is a Norwegian bus company, owned by Nobina, that operates in the counties of Akershus, Hedmark, Hordaland, Oppland, Østfold and Vestfold .
Telephone tokens were once widespread medium of exchange for people wanting to talk on public phones with someone before there were telephone cards to collect and use .
In medieval historiography, West Francia the authority of the West Frankish king was barely felt .
The Atlantic Bridge Research and Education Scheme was an educational charity founded in 1997 with Margaret Thatcher as its President to promote Atlanticism, a philosophy of cooperation between the United Kingdom and the United States regarding political, economic, and defence issues .
Cara Lockwood is an American novelist and the bestselling author of nine novels from Mesquite, Texas .
Rajkot is the fourth largest city in the state of Gujarat, India, after Ahmedabad, Surat, and Vadodara .
Toby Ross is an American film director who made gay pornographic films in the 1970s and 80s .
Park Jeong-su , better known by his stage name Leeteuk, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and actor .
Bruce Byfield is a Canadian journalist who specializes in writing about free and open source software .
Maria Lourdes Egger dela Cruz-Casareo, better known by her screen name Angelika de la Cruz , is a Filipina actress and singer .
Shatt al-Arab , the name اروند Arvand is used for the Tigris, the confluent of the Shatt al-Arab .
Rize Province is a province of north-east Turkey, on the eastern Black Sea coast between Trabzon and Artvin .
Cell Press, an imprint of Elsevier, is a publisher of biomedical journals, including Cell and Neuron .
Harit Pradesh is a proposed new state of India comprising the western parts of Uttar Pradesh state .
The Federated States of Micronesia requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates .
John Joubert is a British composer of South African descent, particularly of choral works .
The Neo-Assyrian Empire was an empire in Mesopotamian history which began in 911 BC and ended in 609 BC .
Monica Lee Gradischek, a 1994 graduate of New York University is an American voice actress in animation, commercials, and video games as well as performing arts .
In medieval historiography, East Francia forms the earliest stage of the Kingdom of Germany, lasting from about 840 until about 962 .
Awka is the capital of Anambra State, Nigeria with an estimated population of 301,657 As of 2006 Nigerian census .
Rusty Hopkinson that features all manner of music from the last two centuries including Pre WW2 Folk and Jazz, Obscure Psychedelia, Gutter Punk, ""Blue"" Comedy records and Asian Go Go music .
Paul Frank Industries is a privately held California-based lifestyle products company, selling apparel and accessories .
The Free State of Lippe were located within the former boundaries of the Free State of Lippe .
Cabral Neculai Ibacka, popularly known as just Cabral is a Romanian television personality, actor, charity person, Tae Bo coach and 1994 UEFA Champions League vice-champion at kick-boxing .
EuroPark AS is the Scandinavian division of APCOA Parking with operations in Norway, Sweden and Denmark .
Commercial Vehicle Group is a global supplier of complete cab systems in the heavy-duty truck, construction and agricultural equipment markets including the specialty and military transportation markets .
Ricardo Lara is a politician from Los Angeles County, California who serves in the California State Senate, where he represents the 33rd district .
LIXI is an Australian, member-based not-for-profit company that develops data message transaction standards for the Australian mortgage processing industry, and promotes improvements in efficiency in mortgage processing .
Andrzej Karweta was Vice Admiral of the Polish Navy and its commander-in-chief from November 2007 until his death in April 2010 in the Smolensk air crash .
The Principality of Chernigov is one of the largest state formations of Kievan Rus' .
Coby Electronics Corporation was an American manufacturer of consumer electronics products headquartered in Lake Success, New York, with offices and factories around the world .
Bunko Kanazawa is a Japanese adult film actress, who has been called ""one of the biggest AV idols in Japan .
Ulster Bank is a large commercial bank, and one of the traditional Big Four Irish banks .
Dominik Eulberg, born in 1978 in Westerwald, Germany is an electronic music artist and disc jockey who has released numerous singles as well as full-length albums on labels such as Cocoon Recordings and Traum Schallplatten .
Crowe Horwath International, ranked among the top 10 global accounting networks, consists of more than 200 independent accounting and advisory services firms in over 120 countries around the world .
Sukhumi or Sokhumi is a city in western Georgia and the capital of Abkhazia, a disputed region on the Black Sea coast .
Winzen Research Inc created balloons in the 1950s and 1960s that were used by the United States Navy in its Projects Helios, Skyhook, and Strato-Lab .
Montana Rifle Company is an American company that designs, manufactures, and distributes rifles, rifle actions, barrels and provides gunsmith services .
Jesus Loroño Artega is a former Spanish professional road racing cyclist during the 1950s and early 1960s .
Neil Crompton has more than 15 years of professional racing car driving under his belt which allows him to ""speak from experience"" when commentating .
Development Bank of Kenya , is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
The BBC logo has been a brand identity for the corporation and its work since the 1960s in a variety of designs .
Jerry Jones Guitars was a musical instrument manufacturer based in Nashville, Tennessee, United States .
Ron Magill is an American wildlife expert and photographer; he is the communications director of the Miami-Dade Zoological Park and Gardens, and makes regular television appearances .
The Orissa Tributary States were a group of former princely states of British India, now part of the present-day Indian state of Odisha .
Citizens Telecommunications Company of West Virginia is the local exchange carrier of telephone service in some regions in West Virginia .
Lovehoney is a British business that sells sex toys, lingerie and erotic gifts on the Internet .
Ukpeaġvik Iñupiat Corporation, or UIC, is one of about 200 Alaska Native village corporations created under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971 in settlement of aboriginal land claims .
MeteoGroup is a private weather organisation based in Europe, with forecasting offices in 14 countries and customers worldwide .
babyTEL is a Montreal-based VoIP service provider, providing both residential and commercial VoIP access throughout the United States and Canada .
Minibus is a minimal techno label which exists for about three years now and already has 22 releases .
Ken Lawrence Instruments is a manufacturer of custom guitars and custom bass guitars founded by Ken Lawrence in 1986 .
Zhejiang Tailong Commercial Bank loans with average loan size of ¥500,000 to its clientele, and over 90% of which are peasants-turned entrepreneurs .
The Fante Confederacy can refer either to the loose alliance of the Fante states in existence at least since the sixteenth century, or it can refer to the short-lived Confederation formed in 1868 and dissolved in 1874 .
Aloísio full name Aloísio da Silva Filho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Potiguar de Mossoró .
The Société des casinos du Québec is a subsidiary of Loto-Québec, a government of Québec corporation .
BONIA Group is a high-end fashion retailer based in Malaysia which has more than 700 sales outlets and 70 boutiques across Asia .
Minbya is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
Philip-Jon Haarsma , more commonly known as PJ Haarsma, is a Canadian born science fiction author best known for his creation of the Rings of Orbis universe, which encompasses The Softwire series of books .
The Kingdom of Cyprus was a Crusader kingdom on the island of Cyprus in the high and late Middle Ages, between 1192 and 1489 .
Patricia Campbell Hearst , now known as Patricia Hearst-Shaw, is an American whose apparent joining of a terrorist group that abducted her has been described as one of the most surreal episodes of the seventies .
Wesley ""Wes"" Whitead is a former Democratic member of the Iowa House of Representatives from the 1st District .
Graham Geraghty , is a former Gaelic football player for the Meath senior football team .
NRB is the India's largest Needle roller bearing and cylindrical roller bearings producer headquartered in Mumbai .
In finance, subprime lending and ultimately defaulted, contributing to the financial crisis of 2007–2008 .
Established in the year 1998 as the software subsidiary of John Keells Group, John Keells Computer Services has been providing software services to a variety of industries and conglomerates across the globe for over a decade .
Proenza Schouler is a New York based womenswear and accessories brand founded in 2002 by designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez .
Hawaiʻi Nui Brewing Company is a brewery in Hilo on the Island of Hawaii, Hawaii, U .
Tsukasa Tawada is a Japanese video game composer and sound effects designer best known for scoring several Pokémon games .
Mark Katz is an American humorist, speechwriter, author, and humor consultant to politicians, executives and media personalities .
Nylink is a non-profit totally member supported cooperative serving libraries and cultural heritage organizations of all types .
Telecom Electric Limited began life as a small project within the National Grid plc to determine the feasibility of running suspended optical fibre cables across the pylons of the high voltage power distribution network owned by the company .
Liam Hayes, professionally known as Plush since 1992 is a songwriter and performer originally from Chicago .
Danish Estonia refers to the territories of present-day Estonia that were ruled by Denmark firstly during the 13th–14th centuries and again in the 16th–17th centuries .
Symbion Power is a US power engineering and construction firm that has extensive operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Trincomalee is the administrative headquarters of the Trincomalee District and major resort port city of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka .
New Media Life, headquartered in Long Beach, California, is a designer and manufacturer of new media and information technology products and services for the consumer markets and service partners .
Bungalo Records is an American independent record label established in 2000 and distributed through Universal Music Group Distribution .
Richard Henderson FRS is a Scottish molecular biologist and biophysicist and pioneer in the field of electron microscopy of biological molecules .
Art Noonan is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 73 since 2004 .
The Chinese Soviet Republic 's National Revolutionary Army in a series of 1934 encirclement campaigns .
FatWallet is a comparison shopping website, centering around a set of forums that allows users to publish deals and rebate offers on products and services, with computer-related products and electronics most prominent in the listings .
Carlos Javier Acuña Caballero is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Club Olimpia as a forward .
Veracruz, , is one of the 31 states that, along with the Federal District, comprise the 32 federative entities of Mexico .
MidOcean Partners is an American private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and growth capital investments in middle-market companies .
Merit Energy Company is one of the largest privately held US-based oil and gas companies by production volume, with some $1 billion in net income on $2 .
Lion Supermarket is an Asian American supermarket chain that originated in San Jose, California .
Smith & Tinker was an American electronic entertainment company founded in February 2007 by Jordan Weisman, Jeremy Bornstein, Lenny Raymond, and Kev Ray .
Thắng is a township and town and capital of Hiệp Hòa District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
Richard Shaw ""Rick"" Brown was the lead singer, harmonica player, and co-song writer of Psychedelic group The Misunderstood .
Isenburg-Offenbach was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Offenbach and Neu Isenburg in modern Hesse, Germany .
Harold Frederick Shipman was a British doctor and one of the most prolific serial killers in recorded history .
Dorothy Garlock is a best-selling American author of over 50 historical romance novels, most of them set in the American West .
""Carly Phillips"" is the pen name which novelist Karen Drogin has used as her by-line for over twenty-three best-selling contemporary romance novels that she has written .
Djarum is an Indonesian kretek brand/manufacturer founded in April 21, 1951 by Oei Wie Gwan in Kudus, Central Java .
Berg was a state – originally a county, later a duchy – in the Rhineland of Germany .
Weichai Power Company Limited is a state-owned enterprise in Weifang, Shandong, China which specialises in the research and development, manufacture and sale of diesel engines .
Knin is a town in the Šibenik-Knin County of Croatia, located in the Dalmatian hinterland near the source of the river Krka, an important traffic junction on the rail and road routes between Zagreb and Split .
Melanie Mudry Varian is a beauty queen from Farmington, Connecticut who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Eric Marienthal is a Grammy Award-winning Los Angeles-based contemporary saxophonist best known for his work in the jazz, jazz fusion, smooth jazz, and pop genres .
Aria Summer Wallace is an American teen television and film actress, and country/soul singer-songwriter .
MultiClet is an ongoing innovation project for a microprocessor that claims to be the first post von Neumann, multicellular microprocessor, breaking the paradigm for computing technology that has been in place for more than 60 years .
The Committee on International Relations is a one-year master's degree graduate program in the Division of Social Sciences at the University of Chicago .
Hendrick Manufacturing Company is an American perforated metal manufacturer founded in 1876 in Carbondale, Pennsylvania, where it is still based .
The Iwo Kingdom is a traditional state based on the city of Iwo in Osun State, Nigeria .
TV Brasil Internacional is an international television station based in the city of Brasília in Brazil and also via Maputo in Mozambique .
Simon Boswell is a BAFTA nominated British film score composer, conductor, producer and musician, with more than 90 credits to his name .
Microland is an IT infrastructure services provider which offers services within infrastructure management, end user services, cloud computing, virtualization, collaboration and mobility .
Cerilliant Corporation, located in Round Rock, Texas, is a manufacturer of certified reference standards and certified reference materials providing products and services to forensic Explosives, Chemical Warfare by-products, and Phytochemicals .
Colesberg Bank was a South African bank established in 1861 and acquired by Standard Bank in 1863 .
Lauren Elizabeth Barnette is a beauty pageant contestant from Wise, Virginia who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and competed for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
The Idel-Ural State was a short-lived Tatar republic with its centre in Kazan that united Tatars, Bashkirs and the Chuvash in the turmoil of the Russian Civil War .
PayXpert is an international Payment Service Provider supplying PCI level-1 payment gateways and banking intermediation to low and high risk e-commerce merchants .
Elmet was an independent Brittonic kingdom covering a region of what later became the West Riding of Yorkshire in the Early Middle Ages, between about the 5th century and early 7th century .
Cathy Scott is a Los Angeles Times bestselling American true-crime writer and investigative journalist best known for penning the biographies and true crime books The Killing of Tupac Shakur and The Murder of Biggie Smalls, both bestsellers in the United States and United Kingdom .
Gerson Lehrman Group is a knowledge brokerage firm that operates a membership-based platform of subject matter experts who provide independent ad-hoc consulting services to companies around the world .
The County of Baden was a condominium of the Old Swiss Confederacy and is now part of the Swiss Canton of Aargau .
Equinoctial France was the contemporary name given to the colonization efforts of France in the 17th century in South America, around the line of Equator, before ""tropical"" had fully gained its modern meaning: Equinoctial means in Latin ""of equal nights"", i .
Cofactor Genomics is a Missouri-based firm which provides full genome sequencing, DNA sequencing, RNA sequencing, De Novo sequence assembly, expressed sequence tagging, gene alignments and sequence analysis to principal investigators in biotechnology, agriculture, pharmaceuticals, government and academia .
Jackie Spinner is an American journalist who worked for The Washington Post from 1995 to 2009 .
Walter Riester is a German politician of the SPD and former Minister of Labour and Social Affairs .
Pataudi State was a small princely state in India, established in 1804 during the rule of the British East India Company .
Mirror Image Internet is a pure-play content delivery network that was founded in 1997 .
Oxford West Telephone Company is a local telephone company in Maine and is owned by Maine-based Oxford Networks .
Newsfield Publications Ltd was a British magazine publisher during the 1980s and early 1990s .
The Dutch Virgin Islands is the collective name for the enclaves that the Dutch West India Company had in the Virgin Islands .
The Confederate Monument in Harrodsburg, located at the entrance to Spring Hill Cemetery in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, is a statue listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Rex Pickett is an American novelist and filmmaker best known for his novel Sideways, which was adapted into a 2004 movie of the same name that received widespread acclaim and popularized pinot noir wine .
Asentinel is a developer and provider of technology-centric Telecom Management , a global investment firm with over $3 billion of capital under management and an extensive and successful track record in the technology industry .
General Guido Partido is a partido situated in the eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Dmitri Aleksandrovich Yemets is a Russian author of children's and young adult fantasy literature .
International Solar Electric Technology, or ISET, is a company heavily invested in copper indium gallium selenide .
Etheric Networks is an Internet Service Provider based in Redwood City, California serving the San Francisco Bay Area .
The BBNM Group is a global student organization covering students enrolled at 174 universities worldwide .
Karim Kawar is the former ambassador to the United States from Jordan, where he served under the title of Ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to the United States of America and the Republic of Mexico from July 2002 until January 2007 .
The Great North of Scotland Railway of line and 122 steam locomotives, most of them 4-4-0 tender locomotives .
Santa Rosa is located 2 kilometres from Santa Rosa on Route 35, and serves regular flights to Buenos Aires and Viedma .
Stan James is a British bookmaker established in 1973, and trades online under the name StanJames .
Andreu Buenafuente is a Catalan late night show host and founder of the group El Terrat .
Bergen Oilfield Services AS is a Norwegian offshore seismic survey company with a focus on subsea technology commercialisation .
MANPA is the leading Venezuelan pulp and paper company focused primarily in paper manufacturing and conversion for industrial, commercial, domestic, school and office uses .
In Greek mythology, Clysonymus was murdered by his friend, Patroclus, during an argument over a game of dice .
Madhushree is an Indian singer, who sings in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada films .
Founded in December 2006, No Fog West Theater is a non-profit theater company run by students from Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York .
James Mullinger is an English alternative comedian and finalist in the comedy competition ""Jimmy Carr's Comedy Idol"" .
Leonard Curtis is one of the largest independent firms in the UK specialising in corporate recovery, insolvency and business restructuring .
The Province of Maine is any of several English colonies of that name that existed in the 17th century along the northeast coast of North America, at times roughly encompassing portions of the present-day U .
Corey Lawrie is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently is the player-coach of the Hornby Panthers .
Mario Joyner , Stewart credited Joyner with the joke: ""Sort of in the way that murderers get sometimes, like, 'I found Jesus and I'm OK now .
Coffee Bean Bears, are a coffee bean stuffed bear created by brothers Christopher Esposito and Artie Esposito in 2003 through their company ESPO Entertainment is included .
Brillstein Entertainment Partners is a talent management film and television production company formed by the 1991 addition of Brad Grey to The Brillstein Company, founded by Bernie Brillstein in 1969 .
Chemring Group is a global business providing a range of advanced technology products and services to the aerospace, defence and security markets .
Professor John Dunn Laird, Baron Laird FRSA of Artigarvan is a life peer and former chairman of the cross-border Ulster-Scots Agency .
The Government of South Russia and the United States, as well as from the newly independent Poland .
Luca Antonelli is an Italian footballer who plays as a left back for Serie A club Milan .
The Association of European Schools of Planning is a network of European universities, their departments and affiliated schools that are engaged in teaching and research in the fields of urban and regional planning .
Vishnu Kant Shastri was an Indian politician who served as the governor of Uttar Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh .
Raymac Records was a small United States record label, based in New Orleans, Louisiana in the mid- 20th century .
Silver State Bank was a failed Nevada commercial bank with 17 branches in the Las Vegas and Phoenix metropolitan areas and loan operations across the western United States .
Graphicly was a platform for publishers which offered work flow integration, self-publishing, digital distribution, conversion, and promotion for digital content .
Rim Banna , is a Palestinian singer, composer, arranger and activist, who is most known for her modern interpretations of traditional Palestinian songs and poetry .
Alpura is a Mexican dairy products company based in Mexico City, with milk producers from Chihuahua, Hidalgo, Tlaxcala, Puebla and Guanajuato .
Nettech Private Limited, known simply as Nettech, is a computer networking training provider headquartered in Kolkata, India .
Maharaja Manabendra Shah , when his Tehri Garhwal princely state acceded to independent India on May 18, 1948 .
The NWA Central States Tag Team Championship was the primary tag team championship for the Heart of America Sports Attractions / Central States Wrestling promotion from 1979 until the promotion ceased to exist in 1988 .
Based in Quebec City and founded in 2003, Frima Studio is a Canadian multiplatform game developer .
The Atlanta Braves are a Major League Baseball , Chicago did not sponsor a White Stockings team for two seasons due to the Great Chicago Fire; therefore, the Braves have played more consecutive seasons .
GlaxoSmithKline Pakistan is one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in Pakistan and is the world's second largest company high-ranking stands for Employee Cares .
Daljit Nagra was the Poetry Book Society's first ever PBS Pamphlet Choice in 2003 .
The Wellington Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Greenville is the capital of Sinoe County in southeastern Liberia and lies on a lagoon near the Sinoe River and the Atlantic Ocean .
Darren Mark Brown , known as Wiz, was lead-singer and guitarist of English indie punk band Mega City Four in the late 1980s and early 1990s, and later bands Serpico and Ipanema from 2002 to 2006 .
The Flying Pigs are a musical sketch comedy team based in Aberdeen in the North-East of Scotland that has received some UK-wide coverage due to their BBC Scotland radio show 'Desperate Fishwives' .
AGA AB, previously AB Gasaccumulator and AB Svenska Gasaccumulator, was a Swedish industrial gas company founded in 1904 .
Access Accounting Ltd was a business software company formed in 1991 to provide accounting software to the UK and Irish mid-market .
Gauldal Billag is a Norwegian bus operator operating in the municipalities of Røros, Holtålen and Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag .
Sir Edwin Landseer Lutyens, OM KCIE PRA FRIBA , was a British architect who is known for imaginatively adapting traditional architectural styles to the requirements of his era .
Landmark Partners, founded in 1989, is a leading investor in the Private equity secondary market .
Puerto Carreño is the departmental capital, and a municipality, of the department of Vichada in the llanos of Colombia .
Kahr Arms is an American small arms manufacturer founded by Kook Jin ""Justin"" Moon , who currently serves as CEO and President .
Operation Deep Freeze is the codename for a series of United States missions to Antarctica, beginning with ""Operation Deep Freeze I"" in 1955–56, followed by ""Operation Deep Freeze II"", ""Operation Deep Freeze III"", and so on .
The Kingdom of Khotan was an ancient Buddhist kingdom that was located on the branch of the Silk Road that ran along the southern edge of the Taklamakan Desert in the Tarim Basin .
Vineyard Vines is an American clothing and accessory retailer founded in 1998 near Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts, by brothers Shep and Ian Murray .
Hartlepool Water is a water company that covers the town of Hartlepool in County Durham and surrounding area in the North East of England .
Anton Pein is an Austrian darts player, regarded as one of the country's best players .
John William Mauchly , influenced an explosion of computer development in the late 1940s all over the world .
Tayari Jones is an African-American author and winner of the Hurston-Wright Legacy Award for Debut Fiction .
Ibansk is a fictitious country invented by Soviet author Alexander Zinoviev in his 1976 novel titled The Yawning Heights .
Rautaruukki Corporation is a Finnish company, headquartered in Helsinki, which manufactures and supplies metal-based components and systems to the construction and engineering industries .
Sonoma is a historically significant city in Sonoma Valley, Sonoma County, California, United States, surrounding its historic town plaza, a remnant of the town's Mexican colonial past .
New York Rocker was a punk rock new wave magazine founded by Alan Betrock in 1976 .
Fosenlinjen AS is a ferry company that operates four routes in Fosen, Norway with the two car ferries MF Nidaros I and MF Nidaros II .
The November Uprising , Polish–Russian War 1830–31 also known as the Cadet Revolution, was an armed rebellion in the heartland of partitioned Poland against the Russian Empire .
The Treaty of Fort Industry was a successor treaty to the Treaty of Greenville, which moved the eastern boundary of Indian lands in northern Ohio from the Tuscarawas River and Cuyahoga River westward to a line 120 miles west of the Pennsylvania boundary, which coincided with the western boundary of the Firelands of the Connecticut Western Reserve .
China Guodian Corporation is one of the five largest power producers in the People's Republic of China, administrated by SASAC for the State Council of the People's Republic of China .
Kyle Dunnigan is an American comedian, best known for his roles in Reno 911! and his YouTube channel .
Posadas , at coordinates 27°22′S 55°58′W, is 7 kilometres from the city, and serves regular flights to Buenos Aires .
Piratini is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul with a population of some 19,000 .
Jack Feldstein is a Jewish animator and scriptwriter from Sydney, Australia, now living in New York .
The post-Soviet states, also collectively known as the former Soviet Union or former Soviet Republics, are the 15 independent states that emerged from the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in its dissolution in December 1991, with Russia internationally recognised as a successor state to the Soviet Union .
Starooskolsky Urban Okrug in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, one of the three urban okrugs in the oblast .
Jeff Linsky is an American guitarist known for improvisational freedom on the solo guitar .
Kazuki Nakajima is a racing driver who drove in Formula One for the Williams-Toyota team from 2007 to 2009 .
The Principality of Erfurt , along with the Grafschaft Blankenhain, after the defeat of Prussia in the Battle of Jena and Auerstedt, while the surrounding Thuringian states joined the Confederation of the Rhine .
Graphic Arts Center Publishing Company was a book publishing company based in Portland, Oregon, United States .
Catnic is a Welsh based building and construction products manufacturer which developed and patented a steel lintel .
Gordon Peter Wilkinson, known professionally as Gordon Peters , three episodes of One Foot in the Grave, five episodes of Never the Twain, one episode of Little Britain, one episode of Keeping Up Appearances and one episode of HBO's Tales from the Crypt .
Alveran Records was a German-based independent record label, founded in 1995 by Sascha Franzen, which releases a diverse variety of bands with different musical styles .
The Inner Mongolia Education Press to print and publish roughly 235,000 copies of 500 editions of Mongolian-language educational materials, which are distributed and used in schools in eight different provinces in China .
Loharu is a city and a municipal committee in Bhiwani district in the Indian state of Haryana .
In the Red Records is an independent record label in Los Angeles, CA formed in 1991 by Larry Hardy .
The Little Arkansas Treaty was a set of treaties signed between the United States of America and the Kiowa, Comanche, Plains Apache, Southern Cheyenne, and Southern Arapaho at Little Arkansas River, Kansas in October 1865 .
Timbuktu north of the River Niger on the southern edge of the Sahara Desert .
Peadar Carton is a hurler who plays inter-county senior hurling for Dublin and for his club O'Tooles .
Korea Development Bank is a wholly state-owned policy bank in South Korea It was founded in 1954 in accordance with The Korea Development Bank Act to finance and manage major industrial projects to expedite industrial development and enhance the national economy .
Russian Standard Bank is one of the largest Russian banks and the country's leading consumer lender .
In the Eleusinian Mysteries, the bakchoi were the branches that initiates carried during their procession along the Sacred Way, the twenty-one kilometer hike from Athens to Eleusis .
Nicki Niels Bille Nielsen is a Danish footballer who plays as a forward for Evian in the French Ligue 1 .
The Kingdom of Sardinia was a state in Europe from the early 14th until the mid-19th century .
Télévision Nationale d'Haïti and in 1995, was taken over by the Ministry of Culture .
DeLaval is a leading producer of dairy and farming machine, with a head office in Tumba, Sweden, and is part of the Tetra Laval group .
Jogentagana was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the eastern part of the territory of Estonia .
Kafr el-Sheikh is the capital of Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate, Egypt, about 134 km north of Cairo, in the Nile Delta of lower Egypt .
Ken Bennett is a Republican politician and businessman who served as president of the Arizona Senate, and served as the 19th Secretary of State of Arizona, from 2009 to 2015 .
Brian Steele is an American actor who is well known for commonly playing monsters and creatures on television and in films .
Regierungsbezirk Danzig was a Regierungsbezirk, or administrative region, within the Prussian Province of West Prussia from 1815–1920 .
Brandon Lombardi is an American actor best known for his roles as a television reporter on the American television series Desperate Housewives, currently airing on ABC .
Hyundai Development Company , which has subsidiaries in construction, petrochemicals, retail, property and financial management, healthcare, leisure, musical instrument production, sports and finance .
Algorithme Pharma, a member of Altasciences, is an established early stage Clinical Contract Research Organization providing research services for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and generic drug industries .
Eagle Guardian is a NATO regional defence scheme drawn up before 2010 to defend the Baltic states and Poland against an attack by Russia .
Tuscan Dairy Farms is a dairy based in the New York metropolitan area, owned by Dean Foods .
Matthew ""Matt"" Guion Maher artist, songwriter, and worship leader originally from Newfoundland, Canada, who later relocated to Tempe, Arizona .
Golden West Humanitarian Foundation is an American Non-profit organisation who develops technologies to address the technical limitations of humanitarian mine clearance .
The Bank of Khyber is a bank based in Peshawar, Pakistan, with several branches in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the country .
Richard Edmund LaMotta was the creator and principal promoter of the Chipwich ice cream sandwich .
Rascal Video is a US West Hollywood-based, California gay film studio and producer, founded in 1999 when Chi Chi LaRue was introduced to Channel 1 Releasing by pornographic film actor-director Doug Jeffries .
UniFi is a triple-play service by Telekom Malaysia, offering of Internet access, VoIP and IPTV which is provided to residential and business customers in Malaysia through an optical fiber core network via FTTH for individual housing units and VDSL2 for multi-story buildings depending on the customer premises .
Lamon Records is an indie record label, originally established in North Carolina, now based in Nashville, Tennessee .
Chahar , also known as Chaha'er, Chakhar, or Qahar, was a province of the Republic of China in existence from 1912 to 1936, mostly covering territory in what is part of eastern Inner Mongolia .
Okpho or Okpo is a small town and seat of Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma .
Shefa is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu, located in the center of the country and including the islands of Epi and Efate and the Shepherd Islands .
The Australia national association football team, nicknamed the Socceroos, has represented Australia at the FIFA World Cup on four occasions: in 1974, 2006, 2010, and 2014 .
The Mali Federation which resulted in a tense stand-off and the withdrawal from the federation by Senegal the next day .
Legend Fighting Championship organization which invited national champion fighters from throughout the Asia-Pacific to compete for regional supremacy .
Andrei Sidorenkov is an Estonian professional footballer, who is currently playing for Kalev Sillamäe .
The artistic meeting between MAURO FARINA & GIULIANO CRIVELLENTE and Simone Farina with the band Desaparecidos produced the tracks “Ibiza” and “Fiesta Loca” which entered several International charts selling over 100 .
Santaris Pharma A S has become a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that develops RNA-targeted medicines using a Locked Nucleic Acid technology .
Timbercorp, a now-defunct managed investment scheme within Australia from 1999 to 2008, was established to manage superannuation and investments in agriculture .
Kasey Montgomery is a beauty queen from Petersburg, West Virginia who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Yōsuke Saito is a Japanese football player, currently playing for Slutsk in the Belarusian Premier League .
The United Province of Canada, or Province of Canada, or the United Canadas was a British colony in North America from 1841 to 1867 .
Cleco was founded in January 1935 and is an energy services company headquartered in Pineville, La .
Range Life Records is an independent record label originally based in Lawrence, Kansas, but now based in Brooklyn, New York .
Juan Pablo Longueira Montes and served as a Senator before being appointed by President Sebastián Piñera to serve in the Cabinet .
International Ethical, Scientific and Political Collegium, also called Collegium International is a high-level group created in 2002 .
Robert Kenneth Shaye , often referred to as Bob Shaye, is an American businessman, film producer, director and actor .
The Lordship of Chios was a short-lived autonomous lordship run by the Genoese Zaccaria family .
Klout is a website and mobile app that uses social media analytics to rank its users according to online social influence via the ""Klout Score"", which is a numerical value between 1 and 100 .
The Maratha Empire or the Maratha Confederacy was an Indian imperial power that existed from 1674 to 1818 .
Brades is a village and the capital of the Caribbean island of Montserrat since 1998 .
Ari Koivunen is a Finnish heavy metal singer who rose to fame as the winner of the Finnish singing competition Idols in 2007 .
BanxQuote is a bank rate website and consumer banking marketplace featuring dynamically updated daily market rates on banking, mortgage and loan products, connecting consumers throughout the United States .
Komotini is a city in the region of East Macedonia and Thrace, northeastern Greece .
Paul McCloskey is an Irish professional boxer who fights in the light welterweight division as a southpaw .
Nice Shoes, launched in 1996, is a New York-based full service, artist-driven design, animation, visual effects and color grading studio specializing in commercials, web content, film, television, and music videos .
New Orleans Records was a United States-based record label from circa 1949 - 1978 that specialized in New Orleans jazz .
miRoamer is a digital media platform designed and built ground up by Mi Media Holdings to delivering its collection of internet media in the way regardless of the platform or product .
Jasomi Networks was a pioneer in the development of Session Border Controllers , computer network devices that enable, control, and monitor the flow of multimedia data streams across carrier networks, corporate networks, home networks, and the Internet .
Great Wraps is an American quick serve restaurant founded in 1989 with locations in over 18 states, primarily in food courts .
Delta Tao Software is a small software developer and publisher focusing on games for Macintosh, though some of its more popular products have been ported to Windows, Linux, and other platforms .
Bolgatanga, colloquially known as Bolga, is a town and the capital of the Bolgatanga Municipal District and Upper East Region of north Ghana .
Surabaya Stock Exchange was a stock exchange that officially opened on June 16, 1989, based on the Minister of Finance Decree of Indonesia No .
Pacsafe is a brand engaged in the design, development, global marketing and distribution of smart travel gear with built-in innovative anti-theft technology .
Indocement Tunggal Prakasa is the second largest cement producing company in Indonesia which has been acquired by the German company HeidelbergCement in 2001 .
Standard Ethics is a sustainability reporting and rating agency based in Brussels and London which aims at promoting corporate ethics, Corporate Social Responsibility , with a standard methodology .
Rose-Marie is a singer, television personality, actress and radio presenter from Northern Ireland .
Lee Hyuk-jae , better known by his stage name Eunhyuk, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and actor .
The Odd Gentlemen is a small video game developer founded by Matt Korba and Paul Bellezza in 2008 .
Staropramen Brewery is the second largest brewery in the Czech Republic, and is situated in the Smíchov district of Prague .
Robin Hood is a British television drama series, produced by Tiger Aspect Productions for BBC One, which debuted in October 2006 .
Amalia Hernández Navarro was a Mexican ballet choreographer and founder of the world-renowned Ballet Folklorico de Mexico .
Statolatry, which combines idolatry with the state, first appeared in Giovanni Gentile's Doctrine of Fascism, published in 1931 under Mussolini's name, and was also mentioned in Gramsci's Prison Notebooks sometime between 1931-1932, while he was imprisoned by Mussolini .
Kingdoms of Sunda refers to the monarchies of the Sundanese region prior to the establishment of Indonesia in 1945 AD .
Berger Paints India Limited is an Indian paint company which operates chiefly in India headquartered in Kolkata, India .
Susan Elizabeth Futral throughout the United States as well as in Europe, South America, and Japan .
AsiaPac International is a provider of corporate international real estate and project management services headquartered in San Jose, California, USA .
Janet Kay is a British vocalist best known for her lovers rock hit ""Silly Games"" .
A lowrider so that their ride can change height at the flip of a switch .
GTL Limited, BSE: 500160 a Global Group Enterprise, is a Network Services company based in Navi Mumbai .
Runic Games is a Seattle-based American computer game company formed by Travis Baldree , Peter Hu, and the Flagship Studios Seattle team responsible for Mythos .
Pontianak Sultanate or Kesultanan Pontianak was a state ruled by a monarchy in the province of Pontianak, Indonesia .
Kandalakshskoye Rural Community of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1861–1866 .
Javier ""Javi"" Martínez Aginaga is a Spanish footballer who plays for German club FC Bayern Munich as a defensive midfielder or a central defender .
Preneet Kaur is an Indian politician and former minister in the Government of India .
Andrea Duke is a beauty queen from Saluda, North Carolina who competed in the Miss USA pageant in April 2008 .
Red Ventures is an American marketing and sales services company incorporated in the State of South Carolina .
New Ulster was a province of the Colony of New Zealand that existed between 1841 and 1853 .
Hazel Eileen Edwards is an Australian author who has written 200 books, including the classic children's book There's a Hippopotamus on Our Roof Eating Cake, which has celebrated its 30th anniversary and is a short film by Pocket Bonfire Productions which toured nationally with Little Big Shots Film Festival .
OJSC Voronezh aircraft production association or Voronezh Aircraft Plant is one of the largest aircraft production plants in Russia .
Rai Bahadur Gujarmal Modi , who transformed the game of cricket and made IPL the hottest sports property in the world .
Sultan Ghari on corners, which impart it the look of a fortress in aesthetic Persian and Oriental architecture .
Mauser Jagdwaffen GmbH is a German manufacturer of hunting rifles in the Lüke & Ortmeier group .
In Greek mythology, King Oebalus , as well as a daughter, Arene, who married her half-brother Aphareus .
The Babcock Lumber Company was founded in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1887 and conducted logging operations in the eastern United States .
Bireuën or Bireun is a city, the seat of the Bireuën Regency government in the Aceh province of Indonesia .
Stevan Jovetić is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Premier League champions Manchester City and the Montenegro national team .
Tapi district is one of the 33 districts of Gujarat state in western India .
The island of Taiwan, known historically as Formosa, was under colonial Dutch rule from 1624 to 1662 .
Biscuitville is a privately held regional fast-food restaurant chain consisting of 54 locations in the U .
Schoolhouse Press is a supplier of hand-knitting patterns, books, wool, and tools, as well as a craft book publisher .
In the Judge Dredd comic book series, Pan-Africa is what remains of Africa following the Atom Wars, and is the home of several Megacities .
Actuate Corporation is a publicly traded reporting, analytics and customer communications software company based in San Mateo, California, part of the San Francisco Bay Area and Silicon Valley .
NextBio is a privately owned software company that provides a platform for drug companies and life science researchers to search, discover, and share knowledge across public and proprietary data .
Marita Lorenz is a German woman who had an affair with Fidel Castro in 1959 and in January 1960 was involved in an assassination attempt by the CIA on Castro's life .
José Marroquín Leal and hosted the show from 1964 until his death in 1998 .
A member state is a state that is a member of an international organisation or of a federation or confederation .
Lance Hayward was a jazz pianist who was born in Bermuda, where he lived until he settled in New York City at the age of 50 .
Greg Roberts , is an American artist and entrepreneur who is best known as a pioneering designer of interactive experiences, and for creating some of the first interface designs for broadband internet services .
The Centro de Televisão da Anhanguera, popularly known as CDT da Anhanguera is the second largest center of television production in the Brazil and is the headquarters of the SBT .
The Republic of Hawaiʻi was the formal name of the government that controlled Hawaiʻi from 1894 to 1898 when it was governed as a republic .
Essequibo was a Dutch colony on the Essequibo River in the Guiana region on the north coast of South America from 1616 to 1814 .
The Redlight Children Campaign is a non-profit organization created by New York lawyer and president of Priority Films Guy Jacobson and Israeli actress Adi Ezroni in 2002, to combat worldwide child sexual exploitation and human trafficking .
The Taifa of Arjona was a medieval Islamic taifa kingdom of Al-Andalus that ruled from 1232 to 1244 .
Éric Demarsan , born on October 2, 1938 in Paris, is a French film score composer .
For the article about the bicycle manufacturer, see Peugeot , and the Intercontinental Rally Challenge Championship three times .
Lenox is an American company that sells tabletop, giftware and collectible products sold under the Lenox, Dansk and Gorham brands .
Ali Hassan Salameh was the chief of operations—code name Abu Hassan—for Black September, the organization responsible for the 1972 Munich massacre and other attacks .
Silver Screen Pictures was first established in 2004 under the original name Silver Screen Productions before registering as Australian business, Silver Screen Pictures in 2006 .
Caring For The World Films was selected to be profiled and by 2010, Building A Better Belize was completed .
Jørgen Mohr argue that it must be a different book, and that the Gegenübung has a different author .
Carlos Javier Cuéllar Jiménez is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Norwich City .
Karen Ziemba is an American actress, singer and dancer, best known for her work in musical theatre .
Brand engagement is the process of forming an emotional or rational attachment between a person and a brand .
LTSports or Leadteksports , founded by Leadtek, is a Taiwanese online media and provides the latest local and international sport news .
The United Nations Participation Act of 1945 was a law passed by the United States Congress in 1945, dealing with the process of United States joining the newly created United Nations and related bodies of the United Nations .
Mat Johnson is an American writer of literary fiction who works in both prose and the comics format .
Not to be confused with Shenzhen International, another company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange .
Double Rainbow is a brand of premium ice cream, sorbet, and soy-based 'ice cream' based in San Francisco, California .
Cost Plus World Market is a chain of specialty/import retail stores, selling home furniture, decor, curtains, rugs, gifts, apparel, coffee, wine, craft beer, as well as several international food products .
This article is about the television service ""HD+""; for the computer screen resolution see Computer display standard .
Compaq Computer Corporation was a company founded in 1982, that developed, sold, and supported computers and related products and services .
Asuragen is a molecular diagnostics company using genomics to drive better patient management in oncology and genetic diseases through world leading clinical testing solutions .
PE International, a sustainability software and consulting company based in Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Germany, is a working group in the field of Life Cycle Assessment and Life Cycle Engineering .
Branco Mello is a Brazilian musician and actor, best known as the vocalist and bassist of Brazilian rock band Titãs .
Heliservices Limited is a Hong Kong-based helicopter operator operating local and cross-border passenger charters and lifting and construction works .
The Duchy of Saxe-Lauenburg , later also known as the Duchy of Lauenburg, was a reichsfrei duchy that existed 1296–1803 and 1814–1876 in the extreme southeast region of what is now Schleswig-Holstein .
The HomeForm Group was one of the largest retailers of fitted home improvement products in the United Kingdom .
Luana DeVol is an American operatic soprano who made her Metropolitan Opera debut as Ortrud in April 2007 in Wagner's Lohengrin .
Procredit Bank is a member of the Procredit Group, which owns majority stakes in 19 countries on the continents of The Americas, Africa, and Europe .
Downer EDI Works Limited is a large New Zealand engineering and construction company owned by the Australian Downer EDI company .
Engine Software is a Dutch video game developer, located in Doetinchem, the Netherlands, which specializes in handheld video games and digital platforms .
Glenn Douglas Barnard Cornick was a British bass player, best known as a founding member of the British band Jethro Tull .
The People's Republic of Bulgaria , the country's name was changed to Republic of Bulgaria .
Kill Shaman Records is an independent record label which was founded in 2003 by Paul Kneejie and Crabby Levine in Los Angeles, CA .
Ben Hanley is a British racing driver who competed in the first part of the 2008 GP2 Series season .
Arcade Zone was a video game company started in London by Titus members Carlo Perconti and Lyes Belaidouni, whom both of them later created Toka and HyperDevbox Japan .
Falcon Motorcycles is a company founded by Ian Barry and his fiancée Amaryllis Knight in Los Angeles, California in 2008 to build a series of custom motorcycles .
Rich Gaspari , 23 years after he last appeared on the cover of the magazine .
CMS Helmets is a Portuguese brand of motorcycle helmet owned by CMS Helmets - Fabrica de Capacetes .
BYD Co Ltd is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles and rechargeable batteries based in Shenzhen, Guangdong province .
RegisterFly was a New Jersey based internet hosting and domain name registrar that had their ICANN-accredited status terminated in March 2007 .
Peter Neville , and The Raven: Anarchist Quarterly, an anarchist journal in which he wrote on the subject of power .
The Sultanate of Hobyo by Yusuf Ali Kenadid, cousin of the Majeerteen Sultanate's ruler, Boqor Osman Mahamuud .
West Virginia Radio Corporation or WVRC is a media corporation comprising exclusively radio stations and two radio networks based in the state of West Virginia .
The United States of America and with around 318 million people, the United States is the world's fourth-largest country by total area and third-largest by population .
Julian Dibbell is an American author and technology journalist with a focus on social systems within online communities .
The Constitutiones Sanctæ Matris Ecclesiæ , were six books of law which formed the first historic constitution of the Papal States .
The Empire of Trebizond was a monarchy that flourished during the 13th, 14th and 15th centuries comprising the far northeastern corner of Anatolia and the southern Crimea .
Zeugma Systems was a privately held telecommunications equipment supplier delivering open solutions that accelerate new service deployment for broadband service providers of all types .
Meulaboh was the capital of West Aceh Regency, Indonesia, as of July 8, 2013 is an independent city Kota .
Tobias Lennart Billström is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party and has been first deputy speaker of the Riksdag since 29 September 2014 .
Sharlene Santos San Pedro , better known as Sharlene San Pedro, is a Filipina actress .
The Ukrainian People's Republic or Ukrainian National Republic extend control over what would ultimately become the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and a member of the Soviet Union .
The Ilorin Emirate is a traditional state based on the city of Ilorin in Kwara State, Nigeria .
Mapin Publishing is an Indian art book publishing company started in 1984 by Bipin Shah and Mallika Sarabhai .
Đồi Ngô is a township and town in Lục Nam District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
The Principality of Aschaffenburg was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire and the Confederation of the Rhine from 1803–10 .
The Nation of Celestial Space , his daughter Ruth Mangan Stump, ""Princess of the Nation of Celestial Space"", and three grandsons, Glen Stump, ""Duke of Selenia"", Dean Stump, ""Duke of Mars"", and Todd Stump, ""Duke of the Milky Way"" .
The North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways narrow gauge railway running from Dinas to Bryngwyn, Wales, which was authorised by Act of Parliament 1872 .
Eastern Bank is the largest independent, mutually owned bank in New England and the largest community bank in Massachusetts .
Chelyabinsk Tube Rolling Plant manufactures every kind of steel pipe, including pipes used for the construction of petroleum, natural gas and water pipelines; and pipes used in manufacturing processes .
Mauretania was a part of North Africa corresponding to the Mediterranean coast of what is today Morocco and the Spanish cities of Ceuta and Melilla .
The temporary capital of Lithuania , which was under Polish control from 1920 until 1939 .
The Ralph Bates Pancreatic Cancer Research Fund is a UK-based charity set up in 1992 in memory of British actor Ralph Bates, who died of the disease six weeks after diagnosis .
Efraín Toro is a Puerto Rican percussionist and percussion teacher at the Musicians' Institute Los Angeles .
Dar Sila is the name of the wandering sultanate of the Dar Sila Daju, a multi-tribal ethnic group in Chad and Sudan .
Eric Sykes CBE was an English radio, television and film writer, actor and director whose performing career spanned more than 50 years .
Benguela is a city in western Angola, south of Luanda, and capital of Benguela Province .
Sunrider Corporation, or Sunrider International, is a privately owned multi-level marketing company headquartered in Torrance, California .
Dee Shipman is a songwriter who has worked with Charles Aznavour and Petula Clark, with whom she wrote the 1990 West End musical Someone Like You .
Kris Schildermans is a Belgian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
The Orange River Colony was the British colony created after this nation first occupied the independent Orange Free State in the Second Boer War .
Eagle-Picher Corporation , Eagle-Picher Industries, EaglePicher Technologies, EaglePicher Commercial Power Solutions, and Wolverine Advanced Materials .
Pakxan, Paksan or Muang Pakxan is a town in Bolikhamsai Province, in western Laos .
Santa Elena is a town in southwestern Ecuador, and is the capital of both the province and the canton of the same name .
Fredric Joseph “Rik” Cordero was born and raised in Queens, New York and is known for applying unusual, non-traditional shooting methods in his work .
The County of Katzenelnbogen south of the Main River around Darmstadt, predecessor of the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt .
Jenna Lee-James is a British actress who has played the part of Scaramouche in the West End version of the hit musical We Will Rock You .
Bob Almond is an American comic book inker whose credits include the Marvel Comics publications Warlock and the Infinity Watch, Black Panther and Annihilation: Conquest: Quasar .
Westsylvania was a proposed state of the United States located primarily in what is now West Virginia, southwestern Pennsylvania, and small parts of Kentucky, Maryland, and Virginia .
Charbonnages de France was a French enterprise created in 1946, as a result of the nationalization of the private mining companies .
Chet Williamson is the author of nearly 20 books and over 100 short stories published in Esquire, The New Yorker, Playboy, and many other magazines and anthologies .
eHealthInsurance is a national marketplace that lists sales quotes for various health insurance plans and allows consumers to apply for coverage online .
Chalcis or Chalkida , a name that was applied to the entire island of Euboea as well .
Edward Belbruno is a mathematician whose interests are in celestial mechanics, dynamical systems, dynamical astronomy, and aerospace engineering .
Yelang , was an ancient political entity first described in the 3rd century BC that was centered in what is now western Guizhou province, China .
The Dagestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in the Russian SFSR of the former Soviet Union .
Charlotte Aircraft Corporation is a company headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina which deals in used aircraft and aircraft parts .
Tata Information Technology commenced its operations through its wholly owned foreign enterprise in Shanghai in June, 2002 .
Poland has entered the Junior Eurovision Song Contest twice, competing in the first contest in 2003 .
The Second Spanish Republic led by Generalísimo Franco among others at the end of the Spanish Civil War .
Louis Clément Ngwat-Mahop is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Austrian side SC Rheindorf Altach as a striker and a right winger .
Eddie ""The King"" Feigner "" by a team called The Ace of Diamonds and His Jewels .
Pozzitive Television is a production company formed by producers Geoff Posner and David Tyler in 1992 .
Sinochem Corporation is a Chinese conglomerate primarily engaged in the production and trading of chemicals and fertilizer and exploration and production of oil .
Zurab Konstantines dze Tsereteli is a Georgian-Russian painter, sculptor and architect who holds the office of President of the Russian Academy of Arts .
AMERICAN Cast Iron Pipe Company, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a manufacturer of ductile iron pipe, spiral-welded steel pipe, fire hydrants and valves for the waterworks industry and electric-resistance-welded steel pipe for the oil and natural gas industry .
The Somali Democratic Republic was the name that the communist regime of former President of Somalia Major General Mohamed Siad Barre gave to Somalia during its reign, after having seized power in a bloodless 1969 coup d'état .
Balochistan , is the largest of Pakistan's four provinces in terms of area, constituting approximately 44% of the country's total land mass, and the smallest in terms of population, being home to less than 5% of the country's population .
Godiva Fire Pumps was an off-shoot from Coventry Climax, directed by Charles Pelham Lee, son of Leonard Pelham Lee .
The Idaho Central Credit Union , is a state chartered credit union headquartered in Chubbuck, Idaho .
NeuroSearch A/S is a Danish biotechnology company specializing in pharmaceuticals for treating diseases and disorders affecting the central nervous system .
Maimi Yajima is a member and the leader of Cute, a girl idol group within Hello! Project .
Hefei, formerly known as Hofei, Luzhou, or Luchow, is the capital and largest city of Anhui Province in Eastern China .
Temple Allen Industries , designed for use in the aerospace, defense, and marine markets .
Babe Winkelman is a Minnesota-based professional fisherman, first coming into the national spotlight with ""Babe Winkelman's Good Fishing"" television program, which was first syndicated nationwide in the mid-1980s .
Deephaven Capital Management, LLC was a subsidiary of Knight Capital Group that managed various hedge funds .
The Northern Wei of Emperor Xiaowen, court advisers instituted sweeping reforms and introduced changes that eventually led to the dynasty moving its capital from Datong to Luoyang, in 494 .
Sicily , is the tallest active volcano in Europe and one of the most active in the world .
Torresol Energy is a company dedicated to developing renewable and alternative energies, focusing on concentrated solar energy .
The Outcomes Research Consortium is an international clinical research group that focuses on the perioperative period , along with critical care and pain management .
Icelandic USA is a Newport News, Virginia, based company, and is one of the largest seafood companies in the United States .
GMAC Real Estate was a real estate franchise company in the United States, with 1300 locations in North America, and more than 22,000 real estate agents .
Gran Colombia is a name used today for the state that encompassed much of northern South America and part of southern Central America from 1819 to 1831 .
Aigars Apinis World Championships in New Zealand, Apinis won the gold medal in the shot put F52/53 category, also setting a new world record for his category .
Zooppa is a global social network for creative talent that partners with brands and agencies to launch user-generated advertising campaigns .
TicketLeap is an online ticket sales and event marketing company based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States .
Geoffrey Sauer is an American new media theorist who researches technologies including open source software and collaborative multimedia development in the context of the history of publishing .
Ballet Theatre of Queensland, founded in 1937 by Phyllis Danaher MBE FRAD, is the oldest continuous dance company in Australia .
WorleyParsons Limited is a large Australian provider of project delivery and consulting services to the resources & energy sectors and complex process industries .
CEITEC and research institutes, with the support of the South Moravian Region and the City of Brno .
Public Joint-Stock Company «Stakhanov Railway Car Building Works» — industrial enterprise of Ukraine, located in the city of Stakhanov , producing freight cars .
Aware Records is an American record label, existent to seek unsigned musical artists and expose them to the mainstream media .
Bastø Fosen AS is a shipping company that operates the Moss–Horten Ferry, the most trafficked ferry route in Norway .
The New Kingdom of León , was an administrative territory of the Spanish Empire, politically ruled by the Viceroyalty of New Spain .
The Felke-Möbelwerke company was a German furniture factory with its headquarters in Sohren in the Hunsrück region and branches all over the country .
Sister Marie Keyrouz is a chanter of Oriental Church music, a member of the Congrégation des Soeurs Basiliennes Chouérites and founder-president of the National Institute of Sacred Music in Paris .
Imperial Airways was the early British commercial long range air transport company, operating from 1924 to 1939 and serving parts of Europe but principally the British Empire routes to South Africa, India and the Far East, including Malaya and Hong Kong .
We Charge Genocide: The Crime of Government Against the Negro People is a paper accusing the United States government of genocide according to the UN Genocide Convention .
The State of E was an ancient state in the area of present-day Henan and Hubei in China from around the 12th century BCE until its overthrow in 863 BCE .
Goryeong Gaya was one of the lesser chiefdoms of the Gaya confederacy during the Korean Three Kingdoms period .
The Union Bank of Halifax was granted a charter by the government of Canada in 1856 and established its head office at the corner of Hollis and Prince Streets in the port city of Halifax, Nova Scotia .
Nafeesa Leilani DeFlorias is a beauty pageant contestant and television personality from Phoenix, Arizona who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Guy Speranza was an American singer best known as New York-based metal band Riot's original frontman from 1976-1981 .
The Kingdom of Mutapa, sometimes referred to as the Mutapa Empire was a Shona kingdom which stretched between the Zambezi and Limpopo rivers of southern Africa in the modern states of Zimbabwe and Mozambique .
ConsensusDocs is a family of standard contract documents written and endorsed by a coalition of more than 40 leading design and construction industry organizations .
Universal Tube & Rollform Equipment Corporation is an American manufacturer and supplier of metal machine tubes and pipes that was founded in 1985 .
For the English car manufacturer founded in 1899 - see Allard Allard Motor Company Limited was a London based low volume car manufacturer founded in 1945 by Sydney Allard which commenced from small premises in south west London .
Thanh Sơn is a township and town in Sơn Động District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
The Motion Picture Patents Company and the biggest supplier of raw film stock, Eastman Kodak .
Orson Odell Mobley is a former professional American football player who played tight end for five seasons for the Denver Broncos after being drafted in the sixth round .
Soprano Design Pty Ltd, founded in 1994, is a privately-held international mobile software development company headquartered in Sydney, Australia, with offices in Europe, North and South America, Asia and Australia .
Creativeland Asia is an independent creative communications company based in Mumbai, India, which is rated among the top 5 Creative companies in the nation .
Jane Norman is a United Kingdom-based women's clothing retailer, owned by Edinburgh Woollen Mill, it is also the sister company of fashion chain Peacocks .
The Señorío of Cuzcatlán, or The Lordship of Cuzcatlán, was a pre-Columbian Nahuat nation of the Post-Classical period that extended from the Paz river to the Lempa river , which is derived from ""Kozkatl"", meaning ""diamond"" or ""jewel"", and ""tlan"", meaning ""next to"" or ""in between"" .
Tipitina's Foundation, is a not-for-profit charity organization that grew out of the New Orleans music venue, Tipitina's .
The Second Czechoslovak Republic , sometimes also called the Czech-Slovak Republic, existed for 169 days, between 30 September 1938 and 15 March 1939 .
Alfunction, born Alan Leonard James in Costa Mesa, California on June 9, 1972, is an American guitarist .
Craig George McEwan is a Scottish footballer who is currently player-manager of Glenafton Athletic in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region .
Louise Richardson FRSE is a political scientist whose specialist field is the study of terrorism .
Edmond Kapllani is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for FSV Frankfurt .
The United Nations Temporary Executive Authority was established during October 1962 in accord with Article two of the New York Agreement to administer the colony of West New Guinea until the 1st May 1963 .
Waap Entertainment is a Japanese adult video production company with headquarters in the Shinjuku Building, Shinjuku, Tokyo .
Reinaldo Maria ""Uncle Ray"" Cordeiro, BBS MBE is a Hong Kong media personality and disc jockey at Radio Television Hong Kong .
Sitmar Cruises and its predecessor Sitmar Line were company names derived from the acronym for the Societa Italiana Trasporti Marittimi is still operational, as P&O Cruises Australia's Pacific Pearl .
John 'Dick' Samsen was an Aero Engineer turned product designer; Ford designer 1952-1955 co-designer of 1954 Ford Thunderbird .
Andy West is an American bass guitarist and composer who is an original founding member of the Dixie Dregs along with Steve Morse .
Myebon is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
QRS Records was a United States record label, which produced three different groups of records 1928-1930, including some notable jazz and blues recordings .
Stafford Railway Building Society is a UK building society, which has its headquarters in Stafford, Staffordshire .
John Thomas Sladek was an American science fiction author, known for his satirical and surreal novels .
Cartus Corporation is a global relocation company specializing in employee relocation, including home sale and home purchase, household goods shipping, move management, property management, rental and temporary housing, settling-in, spouse/partner career transition assistance, visa and immigration services, intercultural and language training, relocation accounting, international assignment compensation services, policy consulting services supporting benchmarking, program startups, group moves, mergers and acquisitions, and change management .
The Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic , which had been created on 14 October 1924 as a part of the predominantly Turkic Uzbek SSR in the process of national delimitation in Soviet Central Asia .
Bentheim-Limburg was a short-lived County of the Holy Roman Empire, created as a partition of Bentheim-Steinfurt in 1606 .
Frederick ""Rick"" Barton is a United States diplomat who served as the Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Conflict and Stabilization Operations at the U .
The Province of Lower Canada into the Province of Lower Canada and the Province of Upper Canada .
Anthony Stern was born in Cambridge, England in 1944 and first started making films while at Cambridge University, working as assistant to the avant-garde documentary film maker Peter Whitehead .
Federated States of Micronesia–United States relations are bilateral relations between the Federated States of Micronesia and the United States of America .
The Polish–Lithuanian–Muscovite Commonwealth was a proposed state that would have been based on a personal union between the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Tsardom of Russia .
Austin Miller is an American actor, dancer, and singer, known for television and stage performances .
Richard Condie, RCA is a Canadian animator, film maker and musician living and working in Winnipeg, Manitoba .
Tianjin Development Holdings Limited or Tianjin Development is a conglomerate engaged in container terminal operations, toll roads, water supply, electric utilities and property development in Tianjin, China .
The Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel was a subdivision of the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg, whose history was characterised by numerous divisions and reunifications .
Elekta is a Swedish company that provides radiation therapy, radiosurgery, related equipment and clinical management for the treatment of cancer and brain disorders .
This article lists the Post-Soviet conflicts, the violent political and ethnic conflicts in the countries of the former Soviet Union since shortly before its official breakup in December 1991 .
Zee Jagran is an Indian religious TV channel, part of the Zee Group, that aims to entertain the viewers with Indian religions centric movies, serials, and healing programmes now available on www .
The Cessna Aircraft Company is an American general aviation aircraft manufacturing corporation headquartered in Wichita, Kansas .
James Scheffer, professionally known as Jim Jonsin, is an American record producer, songwriter, record executive and entrepreneur .
William Lindsey ""Bill"" Erwin was an American film, stage and television actor with over 250 television and film credits .
Charles Harbutt is an American photographer, a former president of Magnum, and full-time Professor at Parsons School of Design in New York .
Aqris was an Estonian software development company located in Tallinn, founded in 1999 by Oliver Wihler and Sander Mägi .
Skytide is a reporting and analytics company whose software applications measure the performance of streaming video .
Proteak is a forestry company that cultivates teak trees on plantations located on reclaimed ranch lands in the dry tropical regions of Mexico and Latin America .
Teuvo Peltoniemi is a Finnish writer, journalist, researcher, educator, and eHealth developer specialized on addictions .
Cyrix Corporation was a microprocessor developer that was founded in 1988 in Richardson, Texas as a specialist supplier of high-performance math coprocessors for 286 and 386 microprocessors .
The Western theater of the American Revolutionary War was the area of conflict west of the Appalachian Mountains, the region which became the Northwest Territory of the United States as well as the states of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri .
Shane Jacobson is an Australian actor, director, writer, and comedian, best known for his performance as the eponymous character Kenny Smyth in the 2006 film Kenny .
Lundgren Guitar Pickup's is a Swedish manufacturer of guitar and bass guitar pickups formed in 1990 by Johan Lundgren and situated in Jönköping .
The Catepanate was a province of the Byzantine Empire, comprising mainland Italy south of a line drawn from Monte Gargano to the Gulf of Salerno .
Attica Bank, formerly the Bank of Attica , is engaged in the Greek banking sector .
The Dudley Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Dudley, West Midlands .
EDUN is a fashion brand founded by Ali Hewson and Bono in 2005 to promote trade in Africa by sourcing production throughout the continent .
Trevor Paul Moore is an American actor, comedian, writer, director, producer and musician, best known as the founding member of the New York City-based comedy troupe The Whitest Kids U' Know, who had their own sketch comedy series on IFC which ran for five seasons .
InterCall, a subsidiary of West Corporation, is the largest conference and collaborations service provider in the world, and a leading provider of global cloud-based unified communications services .
Swivler is a manufacturer of snowboard bindings, snowboard binding rotating devices, LBEV and accessories .
The Northern Yan was a state of Han Chinese during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China .
Skånetrafiken is the regional public transportation authority and operator in Skåne län, in the south of Sweden .
The Russian Empire promoted numerous reforms, most dramatically the emancipation of all 23 million serfs in 1861 .
WiNRADiO is the name of a manufacturer of radio communication equipment as well as a brand name applied to computer-based radio receivers, software, antennas and accessories .
Aktia Bank plc is a Finnish bank owned by Finnish savings bank foundations, institutions, savings banks and private individuals .
Mike Sussman is an American television writer and producer best known for his work on the Star Trek franchise, having written more than thirty episodes .
The Institute of Professional Financial Managers was established in 1992 as a UK professional body .
Hajdú, formerly known as Hajdúság, was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day eastern Hungary .
Intermarché is the brand of a general commercial French supermarket, part of the large retail group 'Les Mousquetaires' founded in 1969 under the name EX Offices, by Jean-Pierre Le Roch .
Andrew ""Andy"" Roberts and can be heard on the live album Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live 1980–81 .
SimCorp is a global company that provides investment management software and services to investment managers, asset managers, fund managers, fund administrators, pension funds, insurance funds, and wealth managers .
Northern Powergrid Holdings Company which are the Distribution Network Operators for the North East England and Yorkshire regions .
Headland Archaeology comprises a holding company Headland Group Ltd and the trading subsidiary Headland Archaeology Ltd .
Alpha Trains is a rolling stock leasing company operating in the European Union and EFTA regions of mainland Europe .
Arkema is a leading Specialty Chemicals and Advanced materials Company headquartered in Colombes, near Paris, France .
Keonthal State, covering an area of 482 km², was one of the Princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
Morelos , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
The Bristol Guild of Applied Art, more commonly referred to within Bristol as simply The Guild, is a privately held department store on Bristol's Park Street in the UK .
Joshua Frederick ""Josh"" Wagenaar is a retired Canadian footballer who is currently an assistant coach at LA Tech .
Mary Macleod is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament for Brentford and Isleworth since the 2010 general election .
Kiyoharu Mori is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter, known for his work with Kuroyume and Sads .
Alexander James Adams is an American singer, musician and songwriter in the Celtic and World music genres .
The term Alpine states or Alpine countries refers to the territory of eight countries associated with the Alpine region, as defined by the Alpine Convention of 1991: Austria, Germany, France, Italy, Liechtenstein, Monaco, Slovenia, and Switzerland .
Clement Bernard is a former Australian state politician and was a member of the Parliament of Queensland from 1983 to 1998 .
Jeffrey James Logan, better known by his stage name Jel, is an American alternative hip hop producer and rapper .
The Darfur Regional Authority is an interim governing body for the Darfur region of the Republic of Sudan .
Philip Jones Griffiths was a Welsh photojournalist known for his coverage of the Vietnam war .
Adeola Lanre Runsewe is a Nigerian professional football midfielder, who currently plays for Danish football club Silkeborg IF .
Zwedru is the capital of Grand Gedeh County, one of the 15 counties in the West African country of Liberia .
Terry Evanswood is a Merlin Award winning professional magician who has appeared in live stage shows and on television throughout the United States as well as on international stages .
Because of its fame as a monument, Mount Rushmore in South Dakota has appeared frequently in works of fiction, and has been discussed or depicted in other popular works .
Aldo Osmar Adorno is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a forward for Ermis Aradippou in the Cypriot First Division .
Labinal is the wiring systems subsidiary of the French aerospace group Safran, involved in wiring production for the aerospace industry .
Bandar Seri Begawan , is the capital and largest city of the Sultanate of Brunei .
Aspex Corporation, originally founded in 1992, is a supplier of electron microscopy tools to researchers, developers and manufacturers working on Process control through automated Scanning Electron Microscope and Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy .
Toes in the Sand Recordings is a US-based record label founded by David Christopher and Amy Dana in 2004 .
Yugoslavia , which aspired to the status of sole legal successor to the SFRY, but those claims were opposed by the other former republics .
Twin Cities Air Service is an American fixed base operator and charter airline based at Auburn, Maine and operating from Auburn/Lewiston Municipal Airport and the Portland International Jetport .
ABCs of Attraction, founded in 2005 by JT Tran ""The Asian Playboy"", is a PUA company that specializes in social skills and confidence building for men .
Basilisk Games is an independent video game company based in Indianapolis, Indiana that develops video games for the Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux platforms .
Bandō Tamasaburō V in 1964 he became the fifth to take the name Bandō Tamasaburō; his adopted father had been the fourth .
Wellington is the capital city and second most populous urban area of New Zealand, with 393,600 residents .
Bey Logan roles in a number of films, including the 2003 Dante Lam film The Twins Effect and the 2014 Teddy Chen actioner 'Kung Fu Jungle' .
Émilie Mondor was a Canadian Olympic athlete, who was a two-time national champion in the women's 5,000 metres .
AvtoVAZ of production lines, and is unique in that most of the components for the cars are made in-house .
Scott McCulloch is a Scottish footballer, who is currently without a club after being released by Scottish Third Division side Stenhousemuir .
Korea under Japanese rule is the culmination of a process that began with the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1876, whereby a complex coalition of Meiji government, military, and business officials sought to integrate Korea both politically and economically into the Japanese Empire, first as a protectorate in 1905 .
NHPC Limited is an Indian Hydro Power Generation company that was incorporated in the year 1975 with an authorized cs .
Openbucks is an Internet payment company based in the Silicon Valley, in the city of Mountain View, CA, which allows people to pay online using gift cards from major retailers .
The Empire of Nicaea was the largest of the three Byzantine Greek successor states founded by the aristocracy of the Byzantine Empire that fled after Constantinople was occupied by Western European and Venetian forces during the Fourth Crusade .
Atar is a town in northwestern Mauritania, the capital of the Adrar Region and the main settlement on the Adrar Plateau .
The Qutb Shahi dynasty was a Shia Muslim Turkoman dynasty, purportedly related to the Kara Koyunlu dynasty of Azerbaijan that initially patronized Persianate culture .
Val Verde is a fictional country or city used by Hollywood filmmakers when they require a South/Central American locale without getting into legal or diplomatic disputes .
Roadhouse Grill was a chain of casual dining steakhouses in the eastern part of the United States founded in 1992 .
Donald Weber is a literary critic and a specialist in Jewish American literature and film studies .
RightScale is a SaaS-based cloud computing management solution for managing cloud infrastructure across multiple IaaS providers .
Spania was a province of the Byzantine Empire from 552 until 624 in the south of the Iberian Peninsula and the Balearic Islands .
Ulil Abshar-Abdalla in Pati, Central Java, and he is married to the daughter of Mustofa Bisri, an Islamic cleric from Pesantren Raudlatut Talibin, Rembang, Central Java .
Gill & Macmillan is a publisher based in Park West, Dublin, Ireland, and is a publisher of non-fiction and educational books in Ireland .
Michael Franzini is a director, photographer, writer and creative thinker based in Los Angeles and New York City .
Lostwithiel is a civil parish and small town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom at the head of the estuary of the River Fowey .
Eileen Fitzgerald, better known as Sr Consilio is an Irish nun who set up Cuan Mhuire, a charitable drug, alcohol and gambling rehabilitation organisation in Ireland .
British Bechuanaland was a short lived crown colony of the United Kingdom that existed in southern Africa from its formation on 1 Sep 1885 until its annexation to the neighbouring Cape Colony on 16 Nov 1895 .
The Theme of Nicopolis or Nikopolis located in northwestern Greece, encompassing Aetolia-Acarnania and southern Epirus .
The Deccan sultanates were five dynasties of mixed ethnic background that ruled late medieval kingdoms, namely, Bijapur, Golkonda, Ahmadnagar, Bidar, and Berar in south-western India .
Puli Space Technologies is a Hungarian company established by individuals in June 2010 in order to take part in Google Lunar X Prize Challenge and other competitions, and further to facilitate development of space industry in Hungary, to promote scientific thinking and encourage students to choose scientific careers .
The Duchy of Oels dukes of the Podiebrad family from 1495 and was inherited by the House of Württemberg in 1649 .
Jennifer Leigh Adcock is a beauty queen from Hattiesburg, Mississippi who has competed at Miss America and Miss USA .
EEsof , high-speed digital, RF-Mixed signal, device modeling, RF and Microwave design for commercial wireless, aerospace, and defense markets .
Soundstreams is a Toronto-based music presenter that commissions, develops, and showcases the work of contemporary Canadian and international composers .
Benjamin Brackett Downing is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts Senate, representing the Berkshire, Hampshire and Franklin District since 2006 .
Charles Misodi Njapa, better known by his stage name 88-Keys, is an American record producer and rapper .
Siemens Wind Power, is a wind turbine manufacturer established in 1980 as Danregn Vindkraft .
Karakalpak Autonomous Oblast was created on February 19, 1925 by separating lands of the ethnic Karakalpaks from the Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic and Khorezm People's Soviet Republic .
Greenland became a Danish colony in 1814, and a part of the Danish Realm in 1953 under the Constitution of Denmark .
Guadalcanal Province is one of the provinces of the Solomon Islands, consisting of the island of Guadalcanal .
The County of Rieneck was a comital domain within the Holy Roman Empire that lay in what is now northwestern Bavaria .
Jizan , also spelled Jazan, Gizan or Gazan, is a port city and the capital of Jizan Region, which lies in the southwest corner of Saudi Arabia and directly north of the border with Yemen .
Capital & Counties Properties plc is a United Kingdom-based property investment and development company which is focused on sites in the West and West End of London .
Victor Dominicis is a New York punk rock guitarist known for the bands Nausea and for playing bass guitar in Reagan Youth .
Admiral Alan Lee Beaumont AC RAN was a senior officer within the Royal Australian Navy, eventually serving as Chief of the Australian Defence Force from 1993 until 1995 .
CloudShare is a cloud computing provider which enables users to create, replicate and share fully functional IT environments in the Cloud .
The Raymond Morris Group is a provider of UK and international company registrations as well as trusts and foundations used in wealth management solutions .
Tototek is a Hong Kong-based company that develops video game accessories, with a big focus on older consoles .
Delage was a French luxury automobile and racecar company founded in 1905 by Louis Delage in Levallois-Perret near Paris; it was acquired by Delahaye in 1935 and ceased operation in 1953 .
Guzgan was the medieval term for a principality roughly centered on modern Gurziwan, Faryab Province, Afghanistan .
Slawi is the administrative centre of the Tegal Regency of the province of Central Java, Indonesia .
Jochen Hippel and was used to torment Richard Karsmakers of ST News who was promptly chained to a chair as the disk was formatted before his very eyes!He worked as a freelance musician, doing music for many 16-bit games .
Ottoman Algeria, formally the Regency of Algiers, was an Ottoman territory centered on Algiers, eventually covering all coastal lands of modern Algeria .
Bangkalan, Madura is a town on the western coast of Madura Island in Indonesia, the government seat of the Bangkalan Regency .
Shirvan Khanate was a self-governing khanate founded by Persia that existed in what is now Azerbaijan in 1748—1820 .
The Kwikwetlem First Nation, also known as the Coquitlam Indian Band, is the band government of the Kwikwetlem, a Sto:lo people living in the Coquitlam area of British Columbia, Canada .
The London Interbank Offered Rate is the average interest rate estimated by leading banks in London that the average leading bank would be charged if borrowing from other banks .
Andreína del Carmen Prieto Rincón is a pageant titleholder, was born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on May 10, 1982 .
Norway has participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest three times, and was the host of the 2004 Contest, where it was held in the Norwegian city of Lillehammer .
Katanga was a breakaway state that proclaimed its independence from the Republic of Congo-Léopoldville on 11 July 1960 under Moise Tshombe, leader of the local CONAKAT party .
Eley Kishimoto, is a British fashion and design company founded in 1992 by Mark Eley and Wakako Kishimoto .
Nicholas Caruana aka Nicky Bomba , is married to his former band mate, John Butler .
The Southern Caribbean is a group of islands that neighbor mainland South America in the West Indies .
James Henry is an English footballer who plays as a right winger or as a central midfielder for Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Brian Warboys , was Professor of Software Engineering at the University of Manchester from 1985 until he retired in September 2007 .
Cage Warriors Fighting Championship or CWFC is a mixed martial arts promotion, based in London, which is currently regarded as the biggest MMA organisation in Europe .
Starmap Mobile Alliance is a preferential service agreement signed in February 2004 by a group of European GSM cell phone providers to provide their customers with easier and more economical roaming services and to create synergies when buying equipment .
Melekeok is a state of the Republic of Palau located on the central east coast of Babeldaob Island .
First Northern Bank is a community bank with headquarters in Dixon, California, USA founded in 1910 .
Saremar is an Italian shipping company, a subdivision of state-owned Tirrenia di Navigazione until 2009, when it was transferred to the Sardinian regional government .
Byrne Construction Services is a Fort Worth, Texas based construction company providing construction manager and general contractor services .
Cris Morena Group is a production company, in charge of creating mostly youth programming and formats .
Kaarta, or Ka'arta, was a short-lived Bambara kingdom in what is today the western half of Mali .
Tanah Merah situated on the Digul river within the interior of Western New Guinea .
afrol News is an independent news agency, established in 2000, that exclusively covers the African continent, publishing an online news portal in the English, French, Spanish and Portuguese languages .
The Sunga Empire or Shunga Empire was an ancient Indian dynasty from Magadha that controlled vast areas of the Indian Subcontinent from around 187 to 78 BCE .
Citibank Argentina is a commercial bank and financial services company operating as a wholly owned subsidiary of New York-based Citigroup .
Pete Maina is an author, professional muskellunge angler, professional photographer, TV show host, professional speaker and former magazine owner .
Mikuni Corporation is a leading Japanese carburettor manufacturing company that was founded in 1923 and incorporated in 1948 .
Haefeli Moser Steiger was a Swiss architectural firm, founded by the architects Max Ernst Haefeli, Werner Max Moser and Rudolf Steiger, the office existed from 1937 to 1975 and was one of the most important Swiss architectural firms of the 20th century .
In Greek mythology, Polypoetes , he led the armies of Thessaly on the side of the Greeks during the Trojan War .
Juan José Sabines Guerrero is a Mexican politician, son of the former Governor of Chiapas, Juan Sabines Gutiérrez and nephew of the writer Jaime Sabines, until 2006 he was member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party that carried him to be Municipal President of Tuxtla Gutiérrez, but renounced his membership to the PRI after the party denied him the chance to be a candidate for governor and asked him to finish his term as municipal president .
Rémy Noë , is an English painter, a member of the international art movement Stuckism and co-founder of the Maidstone Stuckists .
Jim Wells is a Northern Ireland politician from the Democratic Unionist Party and formerly Deputy Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly .
The Rother Valley Railway is a heritage railway project based at Robertsbridge in East Sussex, England .
Hariharan Sreenivasan — known as Hari Sreenivasan — is an Indian-born American broadcast journalist .
Thaton is a town in Mon State, in southern Myanmar on the Tenasserim plains .
Graco Ramírez Garrido Abreu who serves in the upper house of Congress as senator representing the State of Morelos .
Zahida Hina is a noted Urdu columnist, essayist, short story writer, novelist and dramatist from Pakistan .
Algeria have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on four occasions in 1982, 1986, 2010 and 2014 .
Kamil Rustam is a French guitarist, composer, arranger, songwriter and producer whose musical career has made known as a prolific musician in many different styles .
Maine Eastern Railroad is a railroad that operates in coastal Maine between Brunswick and Rockland on the state-owned Rockland Branch rail line .
The Confederate Mass Grave Monument in Somerset in Pulaski County, Kentucky, near Nancy, Kentucky, honors the Confederate soldiers who are buried here who died at the Battle of Mill Springs .
A landlocked country is a country entirely enclosed by land, or whose only coastlines lie on closed seas .
This article only discusses criticisms that are specific to communist states and not necessarily to other forms of socialism .
Alla Igorevna Ilushka is a beauty queen from Eden Prairie, Minnesota who competed for in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 and who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
Sharon Kay Penman is an American historical novelist, published in the UK as Sharon Penman .
The Battle of the Badlands was fought in Dakota Territory, in what is now western North Dakota, between the United States army led by General Alfred Sully and the Lakota, Yanktonai, and Dakota Sioux Indian tribes .
Francoist Spain, also historically known as Nationalist Spain during the Spanish Civil War, refers to the period of Spanish history between 1939, when Francisco Franco took control of Spain from the government of the Second Spanish Republic after winning the Civil War, and 1975 .
The Republic of West Papua is a proposed and former unrecognized state consisting of the West Papua region .
TREE AID is an international development organisation which focuses on unlocking the potential of trees to reduce poverty and protect the environment in Africa .
The Speedway Grand Prix of Nordic is a motorcycle speedway event that is a part of the Speedway Grand Prix Series .
Central Australia, also known as the Alice Springs Region, is one of the five regions in the Northern Territory .
The Onoq Western Turkic Khaganate was a name for one division of the Turkic tribes .
dbMotion is a vendor of health Interoperability solutions for connected healthcare that enable healthcare organizations to meaningfully integrate and leverage their information assets .
Cleopatra Wong is a fictional character created in 1978 by Filipino filmmaker and producer Bobby A .
Khokarsa is a fictional empire in ancient Africa that serves as the primary setting for Philip José Farmer’s prehistoric fantasy novels Hadon of Ancient Opar, Flight to Opar, and The Song of Kwasin .
British Honduras was the name of a territory on the east coast of Central America, south of Mexico, after it became a British crown colony in 1862 .
The Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences Ltd is a NABH accredited 650-bed super-speciality hospital located in Kozhikode, India .
Mysore State was a separate state within the Union of India from 1948 until 1956 with Mysore as its capital .
Na Hoon-a on February 2, 1947, in South Korea, he released numerous solo albums and special duet albums with other trot singers .
Arizona ; as well as large, deep canyons, with much more moderate summer temperatures and significant winter snowfalls .
The Czechoslovak Socialist Republic was changed on 11 July 1960 following implementation of the 1960 Constitution of Czechoslovakia as a symbol of the ""final victory of socialism"" in the country, and remained so until the Velvet Revolution in Czechoslovakia .
The Republic of Salé was a short-lived city state at the mouth of the Bou Regreg river, founded by Moriscos - descendants of Jews and Muslims who nominally converted to Christianity, but were expelled during the Spanish Inquisition .
SOMACA is a Moroccan car manufacturer founded in 1959 and currently owned by the French company Renault .
The Financial Women's Association is a New York-based network of female professionals from various sectors of the financial world .
Jacada is a software and services company which provides unified desktop and process optimization products for customer service and support .
Northern Virginia comprises several counties and independent cities in the Commonwealth of Virginia, in a widespread region generally radiating southerly and westward from Washington, D .
Ibycus so as to be a bane to mankind—an allusion consistent with Ibycus's view of love as unavoidable turmoil .
The Kwahu East District is one of the twenty-one districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
The Bida Emirate is a traditional state in Nigeria, a successor to the old Nupe Kingdom, with its headquarters in Bida, Niger State .
Airflow Developments Limited is a long-established British manufacturer of ventilation equipment more generally known as Airflow .
Formosa football stadium, the Guaicole fauna reserve, the shore of the Paraguay River, the Isla de Oro Island, and the Central Square named after José de San Martín .
Majapahit was a vast archipelagic empire based on the island of Java written in 1365, Majapahit was an empire of 98 tributaries, stretching from Sumatra to New Guinea; consisting of present day Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei, southern Thailand, Sulu Archipelago, Manila, and East Timor, although the true nature of Majapahit sphere of influence is still the subject of studies among historians .
Windlight Studios was a computer animation and visual effects company established in 1993, and based in Minneapolis, Minnesota .
Torstar Syndication Services is an operating division of Star Media Group led by the Toronto Star, Canada's largest daily newspaper .
All 35 independent nations of the Americas are member states of the Organization of American States .
New Caledonia , and Southeast Asian people, as well as a few people of Pied-Noir and Maghreban descent .
Torba is the northernmost province of Vanuatu, consisting of the Banks Islands and the Torres Islands .
Islands of Refreshment was the name given to Tristan da Cunha by its self-proclaimed ruler, Jonathan Lambert, in 1811 .
The State of Palestine of the 193 member states of the United Nations have recognised the State of Palestine .
Jeremy Davenport is an American jazz trumpeter and singer based in New Orleans, Louisiana .
Vuguru is an independent multi-platform studio founded by Michael Eisner's The Tornante Company in March 2006 .
Charles Hutchins Hapgood was an American college professor and author who became one of the best known advocates of the claim of a rapid and recent pole shift with catastrophic results .
The Treaty of Fort Wise of 1861 was a treaty entered into between the United States and six chiefs of the Southern Cheyenne and four of the Southern Arapaho Indian tribes .
The Atebubu-Amantin District is one of the twenty-two districts of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
InCreo Interactive Creations AS is a Norwegian software corporation founded in 2000 with headquarters in Trondheim and departments in Oslo and Bodø .
Palatinate-Mosbach was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Mosbach and Eberbach in the north of modern Baden-Württemberg, Germany .
Dean Garcia is a British multi-instrumentalist musician, best known as a member of the alternative rock duo Curve from 1990 to 2005 .
This is a record of the results of the Chilean national football team at the FIFA World Cup .
Frances Lincoln Publishers is a British book publishing company based in London, founded by Frances Lincoln .
Mong Kung, Mongkung, Mongkaung or Möngkung , is a town in Shan State some 100 kilometres east of Mandalay .
The Philadelphia Dance Company is a professional dance company based in Philadelphia, PA that specializes in modern contemporary dance .
Atlas Maritime is an international shipping company with a fleet of seven double-hull tankers, engaged in the worldwide transportation of crude oil and refined oil products .
Portugal has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 47 times since its debut in the 1964 contest .
de Passe Jones Entertainment is an American entertainment content provider led by Suzanne de Passe and Madison Jones that sources, develops, acquires, and produces a variety of television, motion picture, theater, new media, and print content .
Senior plc is the holding company for a global group of firms in the manufacturing and engineering industries, headquartered in Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire .
The Georges Creek Railroad was a railroad operated by the Georges Creek Coal and Iron Company in Western Maryland .
Fagor Electrodomésticos is a large domestic and commercial appliance manufacturer based in the Basque Country, Spain and run by the Mondragon Corporation .
Fotonic[1] is a company focused on the use of time-of-flight technology for three-dimensional imaging .
The Downeast Scenic Railroad to Ellsworth Falls have been completed, but work continues on the line west of Ellsworth Falls from Ellsworth to Green Lake where the railroad plans to run excursion trains in the near future .
Ittiam Systems is a venture capital funded company founded by ex-Managing Director of Texas Instruments' India Srini Rajam in 2001, developing Digital Signal Processing solutions for portable digital video products .
David Gordon is a dancer, choreographer, writer, actor and theatrical director prominent in the world of postmodern dance and performance .
Runcore is a solid state drive research, development, and production company founded in 1999 in China .
Tata Chemicals Europe is a UK-based chemicals company that is a subsidiary of Tata Chemicals Limited, itself a part of the India-based Tata Group .
Clairtone Sound Corporation Limited was a manufacturer of high-quality sound electronics and accessories based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada .
Héctor Adolfo de Bourgoing was an Argentine footballer who operated as a right winger .
Alex Smoke is a Scottish music producer and DJ, from Glasgow based in London, making techno, electronic and classical music .
Southern Fried Records is a London-based independent electronic dance music record label founded and owned by Norman Cook, better known by his stage name, Fatboy Slim .
BVU Authority is a utility system that provides electric, water, wastewater and fiber-optic telecommunication and information services to the City of Bristol, Virginia and the surrounding area .
Thump Records is a record label specialized in freestyle music, Latin music and hip hop music .
Jonás Manuel Gutiérrez during his time at RCD Mallorca, where he celebrated a goal by putting on a Spider-Man mask .
The Adamawa Region form the major ethnic group, though Tikar, Gbaya, and other peoples are present in lesser numbers .
Upper Yafa or Upper Yafa'i , was a state in the British Aden Protectorate and the Protectorate of South Arabia .
Olive Tree Bible Software creates Biblical software and mobile apps, and is an electronic publisher of Bible versions, study tools, Bible study tools, and Christian eBooks for mobile, tablet, and desktop devices .
Pizza Schmizza is an American pizza chain with 21 locations throughout the Portland, Oregon area, two in southern Oregon, and one in Alabama .
Trend Drinks is a manufacturer of soft drinks in Gladstone in the Southern Flinders Ranges of South Australia .
Kianoosh Sanjari is an Iranian former blogger who was arrested in Tehran on 8 October 2006 together with the cleric Hossein Kazemeyni Boroujerdi, and Kayvan Ansari while reporting on clashes between the Basij forces and supporters of the secularist cleric .
Benjamin Collett ""Ben"" Mills is a British singer who finished in third place on the third series of The X Factor in 2006 .
The British Association of Mixed Martial Arts is a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United Kingdom .
Lorena Rojas (born Seydi Lorena Rojas Gonzalez on 10 February 1971 is a Mexican actress and singer, a song writer and best known for her leading roles in popular Telenovelas .
Reynato Puno y Serrano was the 22nd Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Melanie Morgan in San Francisco where her husband, Jack Swanson, was the General Manager .
TADA! Youth Theater is a New York City theater company that runs several programs for children and young adults, including original mainstage productions and arts education programs .
After 1918, the term Freikorps was used for the anti-communist paramilitary organizations that sprang up around the German Empire, including in the Baltic states as soldiers returned in defeat from World War I .
EE-Media is a C-pop record label, founded in China 2004 by Long Danni under the parent company Hunan Broadcasting System .
Cong Thanh Do , after the Fall of Saigon and the nation was ruled under a communist dictatorship .
mBank is a Polish direct bank, part of BRE Bank it had acquired 2 .
Bank of Åland Plc is a Finnish commercial bank and banking group with over 700 employees and operations in Åland, Finland and Sweden .
International Animal Rescue, also known as IAR, is an animal welfare non-profit organization based in the United Kingdom that comes to the aid of wild and domestic animals with hands-on rescue and rehabilitation .
WolfVision GmbH is a manufacturer of Visualizer presentation systems based in the Vorarlberg region of Austria .
Simon Charles Gilbert is an English drummer and member of the English band Suede .
The Great Migration was the movement of 6 million African Americans out of the rural Southern United States to the urban Northeast, Midwest, and West that occurred between 1910 and 1970 .
Paul Banks is an English musician, songwriter and lead guitarist with the rock band, Shed Seven .
Reject Shop is a home grown Malaysian chain store within the Metrojaya group of companies which focuses on retailing global branded garments which are off-season stocks, discontinued stocks, late order cancellations together with Metrojaya's own merchandise .
Tomasz Gollob is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who has appeared in every Speedway Grand Prix series since its inaugural season in 1995 .
Petplan USA is a Philadelphia-based pet insurance company, providing insurance for pet owners to cover veterinary bills .
The Kinney Brothers Tobacco Company was a cigarette manufacturer that created the Sweet Caporal brand of cigarettes in 1878 .
David Nakayama is an American concept artist and comic book artist, currently working in the video game field .
Shanshan was a kingdom located at the north-eastern end of the Taklamakan Desert near the great, but now mostly dry, salt lake known as Lop Nur .
Molecular Devices, LLC is a supplier of high-performance bioanalytical measurement systems that accelerate and improve drug discovery and other life sciences research .
Al-Ubayyid , also spelled El Obeid, is the capital of the state of North Kurdufan, in southern Sudan .
styleos, is the art-name of Toshiyuki Kotani, a Japanese video game illustrator and character designer with credits amongst companies including Psikyo, SNK, and CAVE .
United Streetcar, LLC, is a manufacturer of modern streetcars, located in the Clackamas area in the southeastern suburbs of Portland, Oregon, United States .
Vitaliy Komarnytskyi is a Ukrainian footballer who participated in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Cup .
The Edsel was an automobile marque that was planned, developed, and manufactured by the Ford Motor Company during the 1958, 1959, and 1960 model years .
Axia NetMedia designs and operates the wholesale component of several ""Open Access"" fibre based internet and data networks .
Maiduguri, also called Yerwa by its locals, is the capital and the largest city of Borno State in north-eastern Nigeria .
British American Tobacco Ghana Limited is a tobacco company operated by British American Tobacco in Ghana .
The Lords of Eppstein were a family of German nobility in the Middle Ages .
Hendrikus Johannes Everhardus ""Henk"" Schiffmacher , also known as Hanky Panky, is a Dutch tattoo artist .
Ratan Thiyam is an Indian playwright and theatre director, and the winner of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1987, one of leading figures of the ""theatre of roots"" movement in Indian theatre, which started in the 1970s .
Junior ESSEC is a junior enterprise in Cergy, France, on the campus of ESSEC Business School .
WeirFoulds LLP, a Canadian law firm based in Toronto, has been a continuous partnership since 1870 and is the oldest law firm in Canada .
The Confederate Soldier Monument in Caldwell is a historic statue located on the Caldwell County Courthouse lawn in the county seat of Princeton, Kentucky, United States .
Vilas Muttemwar settled in Maharashtra with no known direct links to Andhra Pradesh and in fact, do not even speak Telugu .
CaptiveAire Systems is the largest, privately held manufacturer of commercial kitchen ventilation systems in the U .
Pregis Corporation, a subsidiary of Pregis Holding II Corporation, is a privately held provider of protective and specialty packaging .
Ayatullah Haj Sayyid Mohsen Kharazi is a member of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
In Haitian Vodou, Marinette is a cruel and vicious loa who was elevated to a lwa after her death .
Berkshire Partners, the Boston-based private equity firm, has invested in over 100 middle market companies since 1986 through eight investment funds with aggregate capital commitments of $11 billion .
Aritzia is a Canadian women’s fashion boutique that was started in Vancouver, British Columbia by CEO Brian Hill in 1984 .
Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company is a non-profit theatre company located at 641 D Street NW in the Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington, D .
James Moody composed a wealth of music for the classical harmonica, including twenty-two works for harmonica and piano, three works for harmonica and strings, eight works for harmonica and orchestra, and some two dozen other works for instrumental combinations such as harmonica and harp, harmonica and string quartet, and harmonica ensemble .
Novadios is a privately held legal services outsourcing company headquartered in Los Angeles, California with its labor operations facility located in Córdoba, Argentina .
Manuel Reuter, better known by his stage name DJ Manian or just Manian, is a German music producer, DJ and owner of Zooland Records label .
Büssing AG was a German bus and truck manufacturer, established in 1903 by Heinrich Büssing in Braunschweig .
GN ReSound is one of the World’s largest providers of hearing aids and diagnostic audiological instrumentation, represented in more than 80 countries .
Agelaus or Agelaos , hired men to kill his father, since he gave his favour to their sister Hyrnetho and her husband Deiphontes .
In Greek mythology, Oecles or the sea monster attacking Troy and died in the battle .
Ching-He Huang is a British Chinese food writer and TV chef who has appeared in a variety of television cooking shows .
Thoratec Corporation is a United States-based company that designs, manufactures, sells, and supports products that treat a wide range of clinical needs for advanced heart failure patients, specifically proprietary medical devices for circulatory support, vascular graft applications, point-of-care diagnostic test systems, and skin incision products .
Alphadi , Ivory Coast and ParisIn 1998 Alphadi was the one of the three African fashion designers to win the Principal Prince Claus Award; the other two were Tetteh Adzedu from Ghana and Oumou Sy .
Old Great Bulgaria or Great Bulgaria before the Kotharig Khan took control in the Volga-to-Caucasus region and subjugated Batbayan in Poltava .
Helen McCookerybook , Rhoda Dakar, Lucy O'Brien, Attila the Stockbroker, Caroline Coon, Geoff Travis and the late John Peel .
Kan Mi Youn is a South Korean singer, model, radio show host, designer and business woman .
The Culture of East Timor reflects numerous cultural influences, including Portuguese, Roman Catholic and Malay, on the indigenous Austronesian cultures in East Timor .
Vassilis Kikilias small forward, Kikilias started his career with Panionios BC and Ionikos Nikaias BC and then moved to AEK Athens BC .
The Crusader states were a number of mostly 12th- and 13th-century feudal states created by Western European crusaders in Asia Minor, Greece and the Holy Land, and during the Northern Crusades in the eastern Baltic area .
Mecca , Mecca is regarded as the holiest city in the religion of Islam and a pilgrimage to it known as the Hajj is obligatory for all able Muslims .
Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation is a division of the Select Medical Corporation that provides physical medicine and rehabilitation programs and services .
The Principality Building Society, , is a Welsh building society based in Cardiff, the capital of Wales .
The Kennedy/Marshall Company is an American film-production company, based in Santa Monica, California, founded in 1992 by Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall, who are married .
Andriy Tkachuk is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
France has sent one French entry to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, competing in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with Thomas Pontier and ""Si on voulait bien"" .
Ann Curless-Weiss is a popular music singer, most notable for being a member of Exposé .
The New York Giants Radio Network is a broadcast radio network based in New York City, the official radio broadcaster of the New York Giants .
James Hilton was an English novelist best remembered for several best-sellers, including Lost Horizon and Goodbye, Mr .
Adam Christing is an American comedian, author, magician, director, and motivational speaker, from La Mirada, California .
Koldo Fernández de Larrea is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale-Garmin .
The Sowerby Centre for Health Informatics at Newcastle is an English not-for-profit company that delivers NHS services .
The Klungkung Palace, officially Puri Agung Semarapura, is a historical building complex situated in Semarapura, the capital of the Klungkung Regency .
Dzhebrailsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Jabrayil from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1921 by the Soviet authorities .
Jordan Investment Board is the national investment promotion agency of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan .
Tribute Inspirations Limited is a UK-registered company which owns rights in nine of the world’s largest global broadcast events, all executive-produced by TonyHollingsworth:Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday TributeThe Wall Live in BerlinNelson Mandela: An International Tribute for a Free South AfricaGuitar Legends, Seville 1991The Great Music ExperienceSaint George, The Bell and the Dragon: Moscow's 850th Anniversary PageantSongs and VisionsThe Simple TruthThe Greatest Music Party in the WorldPrior to establishing the Tribute brand Tony Hollingsworth alsoproduced large-scale festivals for the Greater London Council and TheSecret Policeman’s Third Ball for Amnesty International in 1987 .
William-Fils ""Willy"" Aubameyang is a French-born Gabonese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Simon Miller is an award-winning film writer and director from the United Kingdom, who made his feature length directorial debut in 2007 with Seachd: The Inaccessible Pinnacle .
Bangalla, also known as Bengali or Bangolia, is a fictional African country that features in the Lee Falk created comic series The Phantom .
The Hoover Institution is an American public policy think tank and research institution located at Stanford University in California .
IGG Software is a Putney, Vermont-based software company that specializes in Mac OS X applications for personal finance and small business .
The New Great Migration is the demographic change from 1965 to the present, which is a reversal of the previous 35-year trend of black migration within the United States .
Mike Edwards , known as Swami Deva Pramada or simply Pramada, was an English cellist and music teacher .
Eusko Trenbideak , it took control of the management and operations of the narrow gauge lines formerly operated by the railway company Feve .
Guayaquil , is the largest and the most populous city in Ecuador, with around 2 .
The Ghandhara Industries Limited Limited acquired it, and adopted its original name Ghandhara Industries Limited w .
Fan Death Records is an independent record label currently based out of Baltimore, Maryland, and Montreal, Quebec .
Sano is a detergent products manufacturer in Israel that was founded in 1959 by Bruno Landesberg .
Carolyn Hugley is a Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives, representing the 143rd district since 1992 .
Systancia is a French software publisher specialising in desktop and application virtualisation, cloud computing and remote access security solutions .
Saint Petersburg Governorate of the Tsardom of Russia, the Russian Empire, and the Russian SFSR, which existed in 1708–1927 .
Wilocity was a fabless semiconductor company based in California founded in 2007 developing 60 GHz multi-gigabit wireless chipsets for both the mobile computing platform and peripheral markets .
Filiz Hyusmenova is a Bulgarian politician of Bulgarian-Turkish descent and Member of the European Parliament .
Royal Elastics is a brand of athletic and leisure shoes that fastens with velcro and elasticated cord instead of laces .
umi Hotels is a budget hotel chain that is based in Leinster Square in Bayswater, London .
Adandozan was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1797 until 1818 .
Bettye Davis was a Democratic Party member of the Alaska Senate, representing the K District from 2000 through 2013 .
Smart Club AS is a Norwegian retail chain with three outlets, offering the products from forty product categories .
Pioneer Telephone is a privately held company with headquarters in Portland, Maine, it was founded by Peter Bouchard, who continues to run the company today .
Duarte with the name Distrito Pacificador but the Constitution of 1907 changed the category to province .
Engelholms Glass AB is a family business, an ice cream factory in Ängelholm, Sweden which is the same town were the high-performance sports car Koenigsegg is manufactured .
Ba'aj is a city and district in the western part of the Ninawa Governorate of Iraq .
Alphons Joseph is a music director and playback singer in the Malayalam film industry who got a break as a film music composer after composing for the film Vellithira .
Kwoh-Ting Li was a Chinese economist and politician best known as the ""Father of Taiwan's Economic Miracle"" for his work in transforming Taiwan's economy from an agrarian-based system into one of the world's leading producers of information and telecommunications technology .
British Ceylon , known contemporaneously as Ceylon, was a British Crown colony between 1815 and 1948 .
Rufus Cooper III , also known by his stage name Young Noble, is an American rapper .
Sebastian Karlsson, or Sebastian , is a Swedish singer and performer, best known for his participation in Idol 2005, where he came in second place after Agnes Carlsson .
Andreas Schmidt is a retired German football player who spent his entire career with Hertha BSC .
Partners in School Innovation , a proprietary adaptation of continuous improvement methodology for public school districts .
Umbskaya Volost of the Novgorod Republic and later of the Grand Duchy of Moscow, Tsardom of Russia, the Russian Empire, and the Russian SFSR .
Motion Theory is an American production company that was founded on 1 May 2000 by Mathew Cullen and Javier Jimenez .
EUROTEM, alternatively Hyundai EURotem, is a joint enterprise between Hyundai Rotem of South Korea and TÜVASAŞ of Turkey which was founded in 2006 and started production in December 2007 .
Jean Scott is a gambling author who is best known for her 1998 book The Frugal Gambler .
The Kingdom of Hejaz was a state in the Hejaz region ruled by the Hashemite family .
Giovanni Pérez Rodríguez , commonly known as Gio, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CF Gandía as a forward .
Arseni Markov is a former competitive ice dancer who competed internationally for Canada and Russia .
Lugash is a fictional country in the Middle East, mentioned and featured in the Pink Panther movie series .
Vocality International is a British organisation, manufacturing telecommunications products for the defence and satellite communications markets .
DigitalBridge was a privately held digital ecosystem and protected information sharing company located in Orem, Utah .
Poupée Girl , stylized as poupéegirl, is a Japan-based avatar and fashion community where users can dress-up their avatar and earn the website's currency, ribbons, to buy more clothing and keep track of the latest fashion with the Fashion Dictionary .
Thalamus Ltd was a British computer game developer that published titles for a number of 8-bit and 16-bit platforms during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Bao Phi is a Vietnamese American spoken word artist, writer and community activist living in Minnesota .
Vladimir Leitner is a retired Slovak football defender who last played for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MŠK Žilina .
Amico Laboratories Limited , also known as Amico Laboratories is a major pharmaceutical company based in Bangladesh .
The Export-Import Bank of China is one of three institutional banks in China chartered to implement the state policies in industry, foreign trade, diplomacy, economy, and provide policy financial support so as to promote the export of Chinese products and services .
Analytik Jena AG, based in Jena , is a provider of analytical, bioanalytical and optical systems for industrial and scientific applications .
Vollee is an Israeli and American technology company that develops software intended to allow users to remotely interact with CPU-intensive PC applications by streaming input and output data back and forth across a network .
Wiiija was a British independent record label founded in 1988 by staff from the Rough Trade Shop in Notting Hill, London .
Valluvanad , and already in 1793 management of the district had to be resumed as the chief and his family fled to Travancore .
Founded by Richard and Anne DiPrima in 1980, The Young Shakespeare Players The Young Shakespeare Players also support The Shakespeare Circle, a group of Madison adults dedicated to studying and performing full-length scenes or complete plays of Shakespeare and Shaw in an informal atmosphere .
Ewald André Dupont was a German film director, one of the pioneers of the German film industry .
Glashütte Original is a German prestige and luxury watchmaking company founded in 1994 by the privatization of VEB Glashütter Uhrenbetriebe .
Kangaba is a town and commune and seat of the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali .
Shell Pakistan Limited is a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell Plc and has been in South Asia for over 100 years .
Muhammad Alif bin Mohd Satar , or professionally known as Alif Satar is a Malaysian singer, and TV Host .
Tesco PLC is a British multinational grocery and general merchandise retailer headquartered in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, England, United Kingdom .
The Kingdom of Jimma was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 19th century .
HoZac Records is a record label formed in Chicago, Illinois, USA in late 2006 by Todd Killings and Brett Cross after the demise of Horizontal Action Magazine .
Erin Court Abrahamson is a beauty queen from Essex Fells, New Jersey and Livingston, New Jersey who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Murud-Janjira is the local name for a fort situated on an island just off the coastal village of Murud, in the Raigad district of Maharashtra, India .
Clive ""Benji"" Webbe is a Welsh singer best known as the lead vocalist for the a reggae/nu metal band Skindred and as a former member of Dub War .
Sakae Ōba was an officer of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II .
Reclaimed Space is an American company based in Austin, Texas, that builds custom sustainable living spaces out of reclaimed materials .
Zyrion is a company that develops and sells network management software called Traverse using the phrase business service management which is a set of frameworks and concepts that describe best practices for information technology infrastructure management and operations .
Dot Mobile Limited was a mobile virtual network operator in the UK, founded in 2005, which used the Vodafone network .
Scott Keeney Kendrick Lamar, Justin Bieber, Akon, Lorde, and Lady Gaga amongst many others .
RMJM is an international architectural practice founded in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1956 by architects Robert Matthew and Stirrat Johnson-Marshall .
David Cairns is an English rock guitarist and songwriter, best known for his role in the 1970s/1980s band Secret Affair .
Shafaqna originated as an Internet-based news aggregator so the text which appears on Newhub is made up of a list of items and contents presented in RSS feeds offered by news gathering organisations and websites .
Tanga is both the name of the most northerly seaport city of Tanzania, and the surrounding Tanga Region .
Davíd Yang , born 1968, is an Armenian-born Russian, founder and chairman of the board of ABBYY, Ph .
Alexis Puentes , better known by his stage name Alex Cuba, is a Cuban-Canadian singer-songwriter who sings in Spanish and English .
The Ordinance of Secession was the document drafted and ratified in 1860 and 1861 by each of the states formally seceding from the United States of America .
Ermoupoli , is a town and former municipality on the island of Syros, in the Cyclades, Greece .
Mariane van Neyenhoff Pearl is a French freelance journalist and a former reporter and columnist for Glamour magazine .
Tsinghua Tongfang Company Limited , held by Tsinghua Holdings Company Limited of Tsinghua University in Beijing, is engaged in consumer electronics, information technology, energy and environment industries .
Jeffrey Stuart Green is a Canadian author, playwright, producer, and director, who has worked in a variety of media including radio, television, computer, DVD-based multimedia, and in live nightclub settings .
Nexient Learning , to allow Nexient to conduct a sale process of its assets and to provide financing to continue operations without disruption .
Tolima is one of the 32 departments of Colombia, located in the Andean region, in the center-west of the country .
The Mali Empire , also historically referred to as the Manden Kurufaba, was a Mandinka empire in West Africa from c .
B&H Photo Video, founded in 1973 and located at 420 Ninth Avenue on the corner of West 34th Street in Manhattan, New York City, is the largest non-chain photo and video equipment store in the United States .
Ngãi Giao is a township and town and capital of Châu Đức District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam .
Kitsuné is a French electronic music record label and fashion label created in 2002 by Gildas Loaëc, Masaya Kuroki and the London-based company Åbäke .
Frank Chouteau Brown 12px This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: .
Vedette is a company, headquartered in Williamson, Georgia, USA, that manufactures and markets undergarments for women, with an emphasis on shapewear undergarments which are functionally designed to help wearers achieve a desired body form for aesthetic purposes, but can also be used as post-surgical support or to encourage posture discipline .
Moody Street Pictures was founded by John MacNeil, a long-time cameraman, founder of Boston Film Factory and co-owner of Boston Camera .
Aaron Rosand , which he had purchased in 1957 from the widow of Kochanski, to a Russian businessman for around US$10 million .
Affinion Group is an affinity marketing company in Stamford, Connecticut, and is currently composed of subsidiaries known as Trilegiant Corporation .
Brian Michael Noble is an English prelate who served in the Roman Catholic Church as the Bishop of Shrewsbury from 1995 to 2010 .
Eide Bailly LLP is a regional certified public accounting and business advisory firm headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota .
Hollywood Cemetery is a large, sprawling cemetery located next to Richmond, Virginia's Oregon Hill neighborhood at 412 South Cherry Street .
Agim Zajmi Professor at the Academy of Arts in Tirana Albanian Academy of Belle Arts for 40 years President of the Nationwide Figurative Artists’ Association Recognitions and awards: People's Artist of Albania, Artist Emeritus, Professor↑ .
The Maukhari Dynasty, classically called the Megar Dynasty, was a royal Indian dynasty that controlled vast areas of Northern India for over six generations .
The Marine Conservation Alliance Sustainable fisheries Leadership Award for Coastal Habitat Restoration, and most recently, MCA was awarded the 2010 Alaska SeaLife Center's Award for Stewardship and Sustainability at the Alaska Marine Gala in Anchorage .
Black Walk is a film and television production company located in Whitby, Ontario founded in the early 1990s .
Davrian cars were built by Davrian Developments at 65 North Street, Clapham in London, England, from 1965 to 1976, in Tregaron, Dyfed, Wales from 1976 to 1980 and Lampeter, Dyfed, from 1980 to 1983 .
Kayode Maria Söderberg Shekoni , better known as Kayo Shekoni, or just Kayo, is a Swedish pop/dance singer, TV personality and actress of Nigerian descent .
Carmaig de Forest is a singer-songwriter, mainly on the ukulele, but also the guitar, originating from Los Angeles, California .
Kevin Johnn American fashion designer was one of the original twelve contestants of Project Runway on Bravo .
Solimana was a minor West African state of the nineteenth century with a capital at the fortress town of Falaba .
DFJ Frontier is an American venture capital firm with offices in Los Angeles, Sacramento, and Santa Barbara, California as well as Portland, Oregon .
The Duchy of Westphalia was a historic territory in the greater region of Westphalia, located in the east of modern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany .
Barbara Havers is a fictional detective in The Inspector Lynley series created by American mystery author Elizabeth George .
First Calderdale & Huddersfield is one of the bus companies serving the area of West Yorkshire, England .
The Principality of Achaea or of the Morea was one of the three vassal states of the Latin Empire which replaced the Byzantine Empire after the capture of Constantinople during the Fourth Crusade .
Berwin Leighton Paisner is an international law firm with over 850 lawyers, including more than 200 partners based across nine offices .
Pyramid Saimira, an Indian multinational entertainment company, operating in 6 countries was one of the World’s fastest growing entertainment group .
GVFX, initially Gajdecki Visual Effects, was a Visual effects company initially based in Toronto, founded in the spring of 1991 by John Gajdecki .
Jaret Ray Reddick is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, composer, and voice actor, best known as the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, and primary songwriter for the Grammy Award-nominated rock band Bowling For Soup .
The Premiership of Tony Blair began on 2 May 1997 and ended on 27 June 2007 .
Oak Woods Cemetery was established on February 12, 1853; it covers an area of 74 hectares and is located at 1035 E .
Doğan Holding is one of the top industrial conglomerates in Turkey operating in the energy, media, industry, trade, insurance and tourism industries .
Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP is a certified public accounting and consulting firm in the United States .
Katrina Ann Hodgkinson MP , an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Primary Industries in the Baird government .
SinemArt is an Indonesian production house founded in 2003 by Leo Sutanto, Sentot Sahid, Heru Hendriarto and Lala Hamid .
Calum MacLeod is the co-host, writer, creator and creative producer of the Canadian television series Road Hockey Rumble .
Thomas ""Tommy"" Hayden , aka Tommy Gun, is an American professional motorcycle racer and oldest brother to racers Nicky and Roger Lee .
Aquafin is a Flemish company, owned by the ""Vlaamse Milieuholding"", specialized in wastewater treatment and mainly active in Flanders .
Samyang Optics Company Limited is a Korean company founded in 1972, manufacturing optical equipment, CCTV and photographic accessories .
Lipton is a brand of tea and was also a supermarket chain in the United Kingdom before it was sold off to Argyll Foods, to allow the company to focus solely on tea .
Mutua Madrileña is a large non-profit Spanish insurance company founded in 1930 that provides life, automobile, health and accident insurance as well as pension and investment funds .
Anglo-Egyptian Sudan referred to the manner by which Sudan was administered between 1899 and 1956, when it was a condominium of the United Kingdom and Egypt, but in practice the structure of the Condominium ensured full British control over the Sudan .
Grupo Kalise Menorquina SA is a Spanish ice cream company, who produce ice cream and dessert products .
Fresnillo plc is a Mexican-based precious metals mining company incorporated in the United Kingdom and headquartered in Mexico City .
Northern Dvina Governorate of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1918 to 1929 .
The Kebbi Emirate, also known as the Argungu Emirate is a traditional state based on the town of Argungu in Kebbi State, Nigeria .
Carlos Freile Larrea was acting President of Ecuador from 27 Aug 1932 to 2 Sep 1932 .
Alimentos La Giralda is a Venezuelan trading company that imports, produces and distributes foodstuffs such as capers, pickles, olives, canned fruits and canned vegetables .
The Baltic Appeal was a public letter to the general secretary of the United Nations, Soviet Union, East and West Germany, and signatories of the Atlantic Charter by 45 Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian citizens .
PathGuide Technologies is a privately held software company based in Washington State that develops, markets and implements real time warehouse management systems and Automatic Identification and Data Capture companies like Microsoft, Oracle and Intermec .
Uranium One is a Canadian based uranium mining company with operations in Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, South Africa and the United States .
Roderic Dugald Morton Page is an evolutionary biologist at the University of Glasgow, Scotland, and the author of several books .
Steve Rowe is the founder, bass guitarist, and vocalist of the Australian Christian death metal band Mortification which was considered to be a major pioneer in the genre .
Hoveround is an American corporation that manufactures and distributes the Hoveround brand of power wheelchairs .
Aloha Taylor, born Ku'ualoha Taylor, is an AMS certified television meteorologist, at KSWB Fox 5, in San Diego, California .
George Grie he did not adopt the conventional and politically correct socialist realism art style .
The Bahri dynasty or Bahriyya Mamluks in Medieval Cairo at the castle of Al-Rodah which was built by the Ayyubid Sultan as-Salih Ayyub .
Yanjing for administrative purposes was an ancient city and capital of the State of Yan in northern China .
The Schürmann Family are the first Brazilian family to circumnavigate the world on a sailboat and the only Brazilian family to have done it twice .
Jean-Paul Hévin is a French manufacturer of high-end chocolate, who operates 4 stores in Paris, 5 in Japan and 2 in Hong Kong, headquartered in Paris .
Paul Rachman is an American film director who directed the highly praised 2006 documentary on punk music American Hardcore, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was released by Sony Pictures Classics .
Schweinfurt is a city in the Lower Franconia region of Bavaria in Germany on the right bank of the navigable Main River, which is spanned by several bridges here, 27 km northeast of Würzburg .
The New Straits Times Press is a Malaysian conglomerate of publishing companies, owned by Media Prima .
Sayn was a small German county of the Holy Roman Empire which, during the Middle Ages, existed within what is today Rheinland-Pfalz .
Son Hoyoung is a Korean American singer, known for being part of the popular group g .
Cassa di Risparmio della Repubblica di San Marino is a financial institution based in San Marino .
Plateau State is the twelfth largest state of Nigeria, and is roughly located in the center of the country .
Ivan Misner is the founder and Chairman of business networking organization BNI, called the “Father of Modern Networking” by CNN and the “Networking Guru” by Entrepreneur magazine .
Kosovo was part of the Ottoman Empire from 1455 to 1912, at first as part of the eyalet of Rumelia, and from 1864 as a separate Kosovo Vilayet .
Kodak Express is the world's largest branded photo processing network operating in 41 countries and with over 26,000 stores worldwide offering Kodak products and services including photo books, gifts, digital cameras, frames and traditional printing .
Al Qadarif , also spelt Gedaref, Gedarif or El Gadarif, is the capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan .
Loyandford is a woman's fashion brand established in 1999 in Los Angeles by German Designers Stefan Loy and Frank Ford .
Pete Teo , is a multiple award winning Malaysian singer songwriter, film composer and filmmaker as well as a sought-after actor in what has become known as 'New Wave Malaysian Cinema' .
The Duchy of Saxe-Eisenberg was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty .
Presearch is the one of United Drug's scientific businesses in the UK, operating from a head office in Basingstoke, Hampshire and a Technical Centre in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire .
Ahmed Dede is an Islamic sheikh, and a follower of the Sufi order of Islam, who helps spread Sufism and the art of Sufi Whirling in the United Kingdom .
Koforidua, also popularly known as K-dua, is a city and capital of Eastern Region in south Ghana .
Graustark is a fictional country in Eastern Europe used as a setting for several novels by George Barr McCutcheon .
Duchy of Friedland most of the duchy was given to Count Matthias Gallas and its independent status was annulled .
International Exchange Bank, more commonly known as iBank, was one of the largest banks in the Philippines, ranking within the top twenty in terms of assets .
Aline De Lima, born October 23, 1982 in Caxias, Brazil, is a singer, songwriter and independent music producer .
Drammens Elektriske Bane was a Norwegian company that operated the Drammen trolleybus between December 15, 1909 and April 30, 1916 .
Founded in 1878, Lion Brand Yarn Company is the oldest manufacturer of knitting and craft yarn in the United States .
Energy Alberta Corporation was created in 2005 to provide nuclear power to the energy-intensive development of the oil sands resources in northern Alberta, Canada .
Reciprocal Recording was the name of a recording studio in Seattle, Washington, USA, that was founded in 1984 and officially closed in July 1991 .
The Consett Iron Company Ltd was an industrial business based in the Consett area of County Durham in the United Kingdom .
Italian North Africa was the aggregate of territories and colonies controlled by Italy in North Africa from 1911 until the Second World War: Italian Libya and Italian occupied Tunisia after November 1942, with the temporary occupation of western Egypt during some periods of the war .
Kellye Cash-Sheppard from Memphis, Tennessee, was Miss Tennessee 1986 and was crowned Miss America 1987, capturing preliminary honors in both the talent and swimsuit competitions .
Musketeer Records, an independent record label based in Johannesburg, South Africa which releases mainstream rock, adult contemporary and solo acts .
Kwikset is a lock and lockset manufacturer owned by Spectrum Brands Hardware and Home Improvement Group purchased Kwikset .
Midori Sawato is a benshi, one of the few silent film narrators still active in Japan .
Palatinate-Neuburg is a former territory of the Holy Roman Empire, founded in 1505 by a branch of the House of Wittelsbach .
William Moulton Marston , served as inspiration for the character and greatly influenced her creation .
Brian Rohrbough was the 2008 vice presidential candidate of America's Independent Party in the 2008 United States presidential election, running on the ticket with presidential candidate Alan Keyes .
Nianell, born Sonia Aletta Nel in Omaruru, Namibia, is a Namibian singer, pianist, guitarist and composer .
The Principality of Taranto was a state in southern Italy created in 1088 for Bohemond I, eldest son of Robert Guiscard, as part of the peace between him and his younger brother Roger Borsa after a dispute over the succession to the Duchy of Apulia .
Raffaella Rivarolo, better known by her stage name ""Cadaveria"" , is an Italian musician, famous for being the former vocalist and keyboard player of the symphonic black metal band Opera IX .
Marcus Vincent Williams is a professional footballer who plays for Scunthorpe United as a defender .
Rhodes is the principal city and a former municipality on the island of Rhodes in the Dodecanese, Greece .
Bad Trip Records is an American record label responsible for releasing the first album by the L .
EMMAN is a company limited by guarantee and jointly owned by its members, eight Higher Education Institutions in the East Midlands region of the United Kingdom .
Adam Plack is an Australian-born didgeridoo player, composer and producer, originally from East Brighton in Melbourne .
Ayun Pa is a district-level town : Ia RTô, Chư Băh, Ia Rbol and Ia Sao .
Kevin Tod Smith was a New Zealand actor and musician best known for starring as the Greek god of war, Ares, in the TV series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys and in its two spin-offs – Xena: Warrior Princess and Young Hercules .
Alania was a medieval kingdom of the Alans that flourished in the Northern Caucasus, roughly in the location of latter-day Circassia and modern North Ossetia–Alania, from the 8th or 9th century until its destruction by the Mongol invasion in 1238-39 .
Anna LaCazio is an American vocalist, best known as a member of the American pop rock band Cock Robin .
The Sentencing Reform Act, part of the Comprehensive Crime Control Act of 1984, was a U .
Tim Rutili is a singer, guitarist, and keyboardist, and frontman/lyricist for the American rock band Califone .
GM Voices is a company and recording facility that specializes in voice prompts for IVR and automated phone applications, GPS, and telematics/remote diagnostics .
Good Night Out Presents is one of the resident theatre companies at the The Cock Tavern Theatre in London .
Jaisalmer State is the popular name of the kingdom established by Rawal Jaisal when he moved the capital of reminiscent of the Bhati dynasty from Ludarva to Jaisalmer because the old capital Ludarva was vulnerable .
Robot Comics is an independent publisher of mobile comics, founded in 2009 and based in Barcelona, Spain .
Jeff Watson is an American guitarist originally known as one of the founding members and lead guitarist of the band Night Ranger, in which he has played as co-guitarist with guitarist Brad Gillis .
The Nordic Cross Country Championships is an annual international cross country running competition that is contested between the Nordic countries .
The Orange River Sovereignty was a short-lived political entity between the Orange and Vaal rivers in southern Africa .
Shelton Smith is the current editor of The Sword of the Lord, a Christian fundamentalist publisher, based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee .
Fox Sports North is an American regional sports network serving Minnesota, western Wisconsin, northern Iowa, Upper Michigan along the Wisconsin border and the eastern parts of North Dakota and South Dakota that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
Andreas Mershin is a physicist at the Center for Bits and Atoms in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Island Company is a wholesale and retail, resort clothing brand founded in 2002 by Spencer Antle when his girlfriend at the time couldn’t find a bikini .
The Palatine Northern Railways Company sections of the Glan Valley Railway enabled through trains to run between Mainz and Saarbrücken, something which was also desirable for military reasons .
Andrea Een is a violinist, violist, Hardanger fiddler, poet, and Professor Emerita of Music at St .
Morodo is a software based provider of the low-cost and free communication service called MO-Call which includes desktop, mobile and web applications .
Port Louis is the capital city of Mauritius, located in the Port Louis District, the western part also lies in the Black River District .
ITT Corporation is a global manufacturing company based in the United States, producing specialty components for the aerospace, transportation, energy and industrial markets .
HNI Corporation is the third-largest office furniture manufacturer in the world in regard to revenues resulting from office segment sales, behind both Steelcase and Herman Miller .
The State of Westmoreland was a proposed self-proclaimed state that would have seceded from Pennsylvania in 1784, after the Congress of the Confederation had ruled that the territory belonged to Pennsylvania rather than Connecticut .
The Taifa of Majorca was a medieval Moorish taifa kingdom which existed from 1018 to 1203 in Majorca .
LibLime is a commercial entity providing implementation and development services around the open source Integrated library system Koha .
The Electorate of Salzburg , occasionally known as the Grand Duchy of Salzburg, was an electoral principality of the Holy Roman Empire from 1803–05, the short-lived successor state of the Salzburg Prince-Archbishopric .
Hamidids or Hamid Dynasty , whose father Ilyas and grandfather Hamid had been frontier rulers under the Seljuks .
Hellenic Duty Free Shops SA, founded in 1979, is a company in the travel retail industry, providing travellers passing through Greece’s exit points with the opportunity to make taxed and duty-free purchases from brand name products .
William Bowyer RA is a contemporary British portrait and landscape painter, who works in a traditional manner .
The American corporate media lobby which has included has been involved in the shaping of media ownership regulations since the early days of the industry .
Andreína Katarina Goetz Blohm is a former Miss Venezuela and the official representative of her country to the Miss Universe pageant, held in Los Angeles, California, USA on April 15, 1990, where she became one of the Top 10 semifinalists .
Anita Renfroe is an American Christian comedian from Atlanta, Georgia, the wife of a Baptist pastor and the mother of three children .
ScriptSwitch Limited, now part of UnitedHealth UK, is a software company that develops and supplies a realtime decision support tool to GP surgeries in the United Kingdom .
Mullins of Salem, Ohio, was the most well-known American zinc ornament producer in the late nineteenth century .
Emuzed, is now a part of Aricent, the communications software company, previously Flextronics Software Systems spun off from Flextronics International in September 2006 .
Carole Nelson Douglas is an American writer of sixty novels and many short stories .
SWEAT stands for southwestern United States and East Antarctica, which theorizes that the Southwestern United States was at one time connected to East Antarctica .
The Margraviate of Meissen , sometimes March of Miśnia, was a medieval principality in the area of the modern German state of Saxony .
Monet LLC, or ""Monet Capital Investment Bank,"" is a Mongolian underwriting, brokerage and investment banking firm based in Ulaanbaatar, the country’s capital city .
South Lancs Travel is a privately owned bus operator providing services in the districts of Bolton and Wigan in Greater Manchester operating an extensive commercial network along with tendered services on behalf of Transport for Greater Manchester .
Rebecca Luker is an American actress, singer, and recording artist who has appeared in several musical theatre productions on Broadway .
Mengujekids was an Anatolian beylik of the first period, founded after the Battle of Manzikert .
The Principality of Lüneburg , which was ruled jointly by all Brunswick-Lüneburg lines until 1637 .
Sir Martyn Poliakoff, CBE, FRS is a British chemist, working on gaining insights into fundamental chemistry and also on developing environmentally acceptable processes and materials .
Nassau is the capital, largest city, and commercial centre of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas .
Som Energia is a renewable energies cooperative that was officially founded in December 2010, making it the first of its kind in Catalonia .
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around the Duchy of Zweibrücken in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The Early Lê dynasty was a dynasty that ruled Vietnam after the Đinh dynasty and before the Lý dynasty .
Tony Momrelle is a British R&B and jazz singer, and is one of the current lead vocalists of the band Incognito .
John Shields is an American chef, food writer, and host of the PBS television show Coastal Cooking with John Shields .
Tiertex Design Studios , is a Manchester-based English developer and publisher of video games, known for focuses on developing games for mobile and handheld platforms .
Suvudu is a genre site created by Random House, to provide additional content, such as author interviews, chats, chapter previews, reviews, previews, and news around science fiction, fantasy, comics, graphic novels, and video game guides and books published by Random House across all of its imprints .
Mirkka Elina Rekola was a Finnish writer from Tampere who published poems, aphorisms, essays .
Limburg-Styrum-Styrum was a County of medieval Germany, based in the Lordship of Styrum in modern North Rhine-Westphalia .
Aperam, before known as ArcelorMittal Inox Brasil or, formerly known as Acesita, is a biggest Brazilian manufacturer of specialty steels .
Inteliquent , established in 2003, provides wholesale voice and interconnection services for carriers and service providers, and is used by wireless carriers, cable companies and CLECs .
Greece has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 35 times since its debut in 1974, missing six contests in that time , the exceptions being 2012 and 2014 .
Ji was an ancient state in northern China during the Shang and Western Zhou dynasties from at least the 11th century to the 7th century BC .
Jeff Nelsen is a Canadian French horn player and is Professor of Horn at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University in Bloomington, IN .
Aqeel Ahmed , a visual-effects film about an alien trying to be accepted on Earth, was shortlisted for the Virgin Media Shorts Festival 2008, and is up for awards .
Huyghe Brewery is a brewery founded in 1906 by Leon Huyghe in city of Melle in East Flanders, Belgium .
Neotys develops software solutions to improve the quality and performance of information systems; its flagship solution, NeoLoad, tests the performance of web applications using customizable scenarios for load and stress .
NCK , started as a subsidiary of Newton, Chambers & Company, a large engineering company based in Sheffield, England .
Bithynia was an ancient region, kingdom and Roman province in the northwest of Asia Minor, adjoining the Propontis, the Thracian Bosporus and the Euxine Sea .
Robin McAuley is an Irish rock vocalist known mostly for his work in McAuley Schenker Group and before that Grand Prix with whom he recorded two albums .
Duro Bag Mfg is the largest paper bag manufacturer in the world and produces paper bags for numerous companies in the US .
D'Alegria is a Brazilian company specialized in manufacturing custom-made electric basses and guitars, all handmade with the best woods in Brazil .
Zylom is a distributor of casual games for PC and Mac computers, as well as for devices like mobile phones and tablets .
Ashvin Kumar Nair, fondly known as Ash, is a Malaysian alternative musician and former contestant of season 2 of Malaysian Idol, where he first became widely known to the public .
Takengon is a town in Aceh, a province of Indonesia and is the seat of the Central Aceh Regency .
Tick Yes is an Australian digital and social media marketing company founded in January 2001 by Peter Applebaum, former Director of Sales for the official Sydney Olympic Games website and Director of Business Development for the website of Australia’s largest telecommunications company, Telstra .
The Palm Line was a UK-owned shipping line that was engaged in the West African trade from 1949, primarily servicing the ports along 5,000 miles of coastline from Morocco in the north to Angola in the far south .
Matt Harvey is a British humourist and performance poet who has published a number of books and makes regular contributions to radio broadcasts .
Tan Pin Pin was given a ""Not Allowed for All Ratings"" rating by the Media Development Authority, effectively banning it in Singapore .
Hungary has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 12 times since making its debut in 1994 .
Sam Mills is a major Romanian and European food company founded in 1994 in Satu Mare, Romania and is specialised in the processing of grains, especially corn and wheat, producing bakery products, vegetable oil and pastas .
OwnerIQ is a media technology company that provides online advertising solutions and marketing channels for brands, retailers, and manufacturers .
Wilsons of Sharrow, now named Wilsons & Company , setting up a rival business at Westbrook Mill .
King Mouse Records is independent, self-owned record label used to distribute albums by the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania rock band The Clarks .
Shafer Valve Company is a Mansfield, Ohio-based manufacturer and distributor of piping products, specialising in the gas pipeline and water pumping industries .
The Duchy of Gaeta was an early medieval state centered on the coastal South Italian city of Gaeta .
Paltel or Palestinian Telecommunication Group is the largest private-sector company in the Palestine, employing almost 2,000 people .
ETS-Lindgren, based in Cedar Park, Texas, is a supplier of systems and components for the detection, measurement and management of electromagnetic, magnetic, and acoustic energy for industrial and commercial markets .
Luke Ivan Varney is an English footballer who plays as a striker currently playing for Blackburn Rovers .
Massimiliano Frezzato , which appeared in 1996 and has been translated in numerous countries, including France, Belgium, United States, Germany and Denmark .
Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation , also known as East West Metro, is in charge of connecting the twin cities Kolkata and Howrah .
JUNO Healthcare Staffing[1] is a placement service for local and foreign healthcare professionals on a full time, travel and per diem assignments to client facilities across the United States .
Betsson is a Swedish company that offers a number of online gambling products, such as casino, poker, bingo, sports betting and scratch cards through several wholly owned Malta-based subsidiaries, like BML Group Ltd and Betsson Malta Ltd .
Tonkam is a prominent French publisher of manga and was one of the first publishers of manga in French, issuing its first titles in 1994 .
IRVIN-GQ is a company based in Llangeinor, Wales, United Kingdom that designs, manufactures and supplies a range of parachutes and emergency, rescue and survival equipment to the military, coastguard and civilian aerospace markets .
Jim Stones Coaches is a bus operator that operates a number of commercial and supported routes on behalf of Transport for Greater Manchester in Leigh, Greater Manchester .
Killerspin is a table tennis equipment, accessories, and clothing brand that also sponsors and hosts competitions, as well as table tennis related special events .
Querétaro , is one of 31 states that, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
PayMate is a mobile commerce company that has built the largest mobile payments network in India based in Mumbai, .
Coppley Apparel Group manufactured a menswear line of suits, sport coats and trousers called the Coppley Collection from 1998 to 2008 .
Bassas da India is an uninhabited, roughly circular atoll that is part of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands .
Hans-Ulrich Klose of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg from 1974 up to 1981, serving as President of the Bundesrat in 1979/80 .
Tower Cancer Research Foundation 3 non-profit organization dedicated to clinical research, patient support and community education .
U Minh is a township and capital town of U Minh District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam .
Withdrawal from the European Union is a right of European Union , in 1985, and Algeria left upon independence in 1962, having been a part of France until then .
Mucho Muchacho, also called Mucho Mu, is the pseudonym of Oliver Gallego Sarmiento, MC of Barcelona born in 1976, member of the group 7 Notas 7 Colores and that founded on 2003 the musical seal C .
Queensland was Dutch navigator Willem Janszoon in 1606, who explored the west coast of the Cape York Peninsula near present-day Weipa .
Carl Oskar Borg was a Swedish born, American painter who was known for themes of the Southwestern United States .
Michael ""Michi"" Beck , also known by his pseudonym as the disc jockey Dee Jot Hausmarke is a member of the German hip hop group Die Fantastischen Vier where he acts as DJ and MC .
Etruscan civilization shows that Etruscans appear to fall very close to a Neolithic population from Central Europe and to other Tuscan populations .
The Storehouse is an Australian-based online retailer offering a broad range of merchandise including homewares, appliances, electrical, audio and visual, communications, computers, outdoor and fitness .
Acharya Godwin Samararatne was one of the best known lay meditation teachers in Sri Lanka in recent times .
New Penn is a regional less-than-truckload motor carrier providing next-day service through a network of 24 service centers located in the Northeastern United States, Quebec, Canada and Puerto Rico .
The Allied occupation of Japan at the end of World War II was led by Douglas MacArthur, the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers, with support from the British Commonwealth .
The Podole Voivodeship Podole Voivodeship had two border judges, who cooperated with officials of the Ottoman Porte, solving border conflicts” .
Nova Civitas was a Flemish think tank based on the principles of classic liberalism in combination with Anglo-Saxon conservatism .
James Lesslie is the English singer, guitarist and songwriter in Fireworks Night, and the bassist in The Mules .
Rakhsh Khodro co or RKD is an Iranian truck manufacturer established in 2005 and located in Tabriz .
Andrew Kelly is a former English football player who last played for Landskrona in Sweden .
PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia is a subsidiary of Thiess Pty Ltd, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Leighton Holdings .
Sleep Country Canada is a major mattress retailer in Canada, with over 140 stores operating in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec .
Anthony La'Ron Tony Hargrove is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent .
The home front of the United States in World War I saw a systematic mobilization of the entire population and the entire economy to produce the soldiers, food supplies, munitions and money needed to win the war .
The Gombe Emirate is a traditional state in Nigeria that roughly corresponds in area to the modern Gombe State .
Marcus Paul Davis , is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Bellator .
The Toronto Women's Bookstore was the largest nonprofit, feminist bookstore in Canada, before its closure in November 2012 .
Steve Wyrick is an American magician from Garland, Texas who is best known for performing as a headliner in Las Vegas, Nevada at the Las Vegas Hilton beginning in August 2011 .
Isenburg-Grenzau was the name of several states of the Holy Roman Empire, based around the Lordship of Grenzau, in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Charles Victor Grahmann served as the sixth Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dallas, Texas and is now retired .
The Home Affordable Refinance Program , which assists homeowners who are in danger of foreclosure, this program benefits homeowners whose mortgage payments are current, but who cannot refinance due to dropping home prices in the wake of the U .
ICAP plc is a UK-based voice and electronic dealer broker and provider of post trade risk services, the largest in the world carrying out transactions for financial institutions rather than private individuals .
Q-MAC Electronics Pty Ltd was founded in 1995 and for 14 years were a manufacturer and supplier of HF and VHF tactical communications equipment .
Mata Gabin is an actress, author, and actress of theatre, born in 1972 in Toulépleu, Côte d'Ivoire .
The Nevers manufactory was a French manufacturing centre for faience in the city of Nevers .
The Visigothic Kingdom was a kingdom that occupied what is now southwestern France and the Iberian Peninsula from the 5th to the 8th centuries .
Chhatarpur is a city and a municipality in Chhatarpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India .
The Sultanate of Agadez or Aïr was a traditional polity of the Aïr region centered in the city of Agadez, at the southern edge of the Sahara Desert in north central Niger .
The Taifa of Granada was a Berber kingdom in Al-Andalus, within the present day Granada Province in southern Spain .
The Deccan Times was the first English daily of Hyderabad State , publishing its first edition in 1780 .
FIS Group is a Philadelphia based asset management and investment advisory firm specializing in emerging manager portfolio construction, risk management and the development of specialized alternative investment strategies .
The Greece national football team have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on three occasions, in 1994, 2010 and 2014 .
The Media Kitchen is a media planning and buying agency located in the SoHo district of New York City .
Antonio ""Tony"" Mendoza is an American politician currently serving in the California State Senate .
Anantara Hotels, Resorts & Spas is a luxury resort and spa operator based in Bangkok, Thailand, operating 28 resorts across Asia Pacific and the Middle East, with its spa brand expanded into Africa .
""Times Supermarkets"" is the name of an American supermarket chain, headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii .
Karl Lauterbach from 1999 until he was elected into the Bundestag in September 2005 .
Changchun Film Studio Group Corporation up until 2000 when it was put under the corporate umbrella as part of the revitalized projects .
Jack Ralph Cole was an American cartoonist best known for creating the comedic superhero, Plastic Man, and his cartoons for Playboy magazine .
The Yp Desert is a desert and ecoregion, within the Deserts and xeric shrublands Biome, in Owyhee County, Idaho, and Elko County, Nevada in the northwestern United States .
PGP-RTB was a major state-owned record label and chain record store in the former SFR Yugoslavia, based in Belgrade, Socialist Republic of Serbia .
Schon Properties is a UAE based division of the Schon Group which encompasses a range of business interests and holdings .
Susianna ""Susi"" Levonovna Kentikian World Flyweight Champion, and is considered Top Female fighter pound for pound .
China National Heavy Duty Truck Group Company Limited , was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2007 .
Maxwell ""Shayne"" Mallard is an Australian political figure in the inner Sydney area who represented the Liberal Party as a councillor on the South Sydney Council between 2000 and 2004, and then the Council of the City of Sydney between 2004 and 2012 .
General Motors Company, commonly known as GM, is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Detroit, Michigan, that designs, manufactures, markets and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts and sells financial services .
The Abu Dhabi Media Summit is an annual three-day international news media summit held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, dealing with the transition to digital technology in the Middle East, the Indian Subcontinent, East Asia, and China .
Bengkalis of Bengkalis Regency in the Riau province of Indonesia until 8 July 2013, when it became an independent city .
Minden-Ravensberg was a Prussian administrative unit consisting of the Principality of Minden and the County of Ravensberg from 1719–1807 .
Teletrol installed at remote sites, and browser-based software that is used to communicate between those sites and the central location via HTTP .
Hideki Kamiya is a video game designer formerly employed by Capcom and Clover Studio .
Helen Glover is an American talk radio host and former cast member on the reality television series Survivor: Thailand where she finished in fourth place .
Ynet is an Israeli news and general content website, which is the online outlet for Yedioth Ahronot .
Koa Coffee Plantation is a grower and processor of Kona coffee on Hawaiʻi island, United States .
IT Corporation was a United States industrial company whose principal business was the disposal of industrial hazardous waste .
Fun Cinemas is a cinema chain in India based in Mumbai, owned by the Essel Group and promoted by E-City Ventures .
Stefan Weinerhall, born 1976 in Mjölby, Sweden, is a heavy metal guitarist, presently playing with Falconer, the band he started in 1999 .
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club /ˈtɒt , and its emblem is a cockerel standing upon a football .
Provident Label Group is a division of Sony Music Entertainment focusing primarily on Christian music in Franklin, Tennessee .
Lensey Chao Namioka is a Chinese-born American writer of books for young adults and children .
Michael John ""Mick"" Underwood is a British drummer, best known for his work with The Outlaws, The Herd, Episode Six, Quatermass and Gillan .
Operation Atlantis was a project, headed by Werner Stiefel, developed with the intent of establishing a libertarian country on international waters .
Umberto Pelizzari is an Italian freediver, widely considered among the best of all times .
Castell-Remlingen was a County located in the region of Franconia in northern Bavaria, Germany, ruled by a branch of the Counts of Castell .
South Fellini is an American film and graphic novel production studio established by Tony Trov and Johnny Zito in 2010 .
Garut is a town in the West Java province of Indonesia and is the capital of the Garut Regency .
Lucas Miré : “These consoling tracks, built on acoustic guitar, speak to what happens in the quietest hours .
The Saybrook Colony was established in late 1635 at the mouth of the Connecticut River in present day Old Saybrook, Connecticut by John Winthrop, the Younger, son of John Winthrop, the Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
The Red Skull is a fictional character, a supervillain that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The Principality of Meskheti was a Georgian feudal principality existing between 1268 and 1628 .
Cambridge Broadband Networks Limited wireless backhaul and access solutions, serving telecommunication customers in over 30 countries .
Lauren Courtney Mayhew is an American singer, actress, former ring announcer and WWE Diva on the WWE ECW brand .
For the plant, see Lilaea In Greek mythology, Lilaea was a Naiad of a spring of the same name, daughter of the river god Cephissus .
Gurbanguly Mälikgulyýewiç Berdimuhamedow is a Turkmen politician who has served as the President of Turkmenistan since 2006 .
The Han Zhao , who was clearly able to discern good strategical plans from bad .
Janel Horton is an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager, better known by her ring name, Alere Little Feather .
Mona Mur is a German vocalist - born Sabine Bredy in Hamburg to Polish parents, 1960 .
Vaiga was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the eastern part of the territory of Estonia .
Hagen-Hohenlimburg , who emigrated in 1868 from Hohenlimburg to the USA and became a timber merchant in Detroit, was the father of William Boeing, founder of the Boeing company .
Robert Lloyd Duncan is the chancellor of the Texas Tech University System, based in Lubbock, Texas and a Republican former member of both houses of the Texas State Legislature .
Lantis Company, Limited is a Japanese company that specializes as a music publisher label for Japanese musicians, anime soundtracks and video game soundtracks .
The Khazars the Khazars dominated the vast area extending from the Volga-Don steppes to the eastern Crimea and the northern Caucasus .
Crimean Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of the Russian SFSR located in the Crimean Peninsula .
The National Yiddish Theatre – Folksbiene is a professional theater company in New York City which produces both Yiddish plays and plays translated into Yiddish, in a theater equipped with simultaneous superscript translation into English .
Rightline Gear is a automotive aftermarket equipment manufacturer founded in 2008 by Loran Evans, the founder of Melon Bicycles, in Asheville, North Carolina, USA .
Iraq on the northern Persian Gulf and its territory encompasses the Mesopotamian Alluvial Plain, the northwestern end of the Zagros mountain range, and the eastern part of the Syrian Desert .
Alber & Geiger is a political lobbying powerhouse and the leading European government relations law firm, lobbying the EU institutions in Brussels .
Zero Visibility Corp is a contemporary dance company based in Oslo, Norway which was founded in 1996 by its choreographer Ina Christell Johannessen and lighting and set designer, Jens Sethzman .
The British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, or BCRIC as part of a privatization transaction by the Jim Pattison Group .
Akubra is an Australian brand of bush hat, whose wide-brimmed styles are a distinctive part of Australian culture, especially in rural areas .
Italian Cricket Federation is the governing body for the sport of cricket within Italy .
M'banza-Kongo because recent legends recall that the king created the clans of the kingdom and sent them out from there .
The Roman province of Asia or Asiana , in Byzantine times called Phrygia, was an administrative unit added to the late Republic .
Sampit is a town and a timber port on the Sampit River in the Central Kalimantan province in Indonesia .
San Isidro is a partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina found in the north of Greater Buenos Aires .
Paul Gary James Ridge crew, a collective that includes fellow Perth-based hip hop artists such as Downsyde .
Neely Bruce , Professor of Music and American Studies at Wesleyan University, is a composer, conductor, pianist and scholar of American music .
Massawa , is a city on the Red Sea coast of Eritrea located at the northern end of the Gulf of Zula beside the Dahlak Archipelago .
Fluid Components International , headquartered in San Marcos, California, is a manufacturer of thermal dispersion flow and level measurement instrumentation .
The Yin was a short-lived kingdom during China’s Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period which lasted from 907 to 960 and bridged the time between the fall of the Tang Dynasty and the foundation of the Song Dynasty .
West Macedonia is one of the thirteen regions of Greece, consisting of the western part of Greek Macedonia .
The Countship of Isenburg-Limburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in the 13th and 14th centuries, based around the city of Limburg an der Lahn in modern Hesse, Germany .
Tanya Gyani is an interior designer, whose approach to interior design is modern yet inspired from nature and organic elements .
Stuttgarter Straßenbahnen AG is the principal public transport operating company in the German city of Stuttgart .
Denkyira was a powerful nation of Akan people that existed in southern present-day Ghana from 1620 .
Chaung-U above sea level at north latitude 22° 45' and east longitude 95° 8' to 95° 25' .
Northern Star Broadcasting is a radio broadcasting company which owns nine radio stations in Northern Michigan, with offices in Cheboygan and Traverse City .
ZL Technologies, founded in 1999 as Ziplip and headquartered in Silicon Valley, is a privately held developer of software for e-mail, file, and unstructured data archiving .
Ben Wheatley is an English director of feature films, TV comedy shows, adverts and idents, animated shorts and internet viral ads .
Punjab , also spelled Panjab, is the most populous province of Pakistan with approximately 56% of the country's total population .
The Treaty of Medicine Creek was an 1854 treaty between the United States, and the Nisqually, Puyallup and Squaxin Island tribes, along with the ""S'Homamish, Stehchass, T'Peeksin, Squi-aitl, and Sa-heh-wamish"", as designated by the treaty .
William Emmanuel Bevan, better known by his stage name Burial, is an electronic recording artist from London .
Alan Walter Whiteside OBE is a South African Canadian academic, researcher and professor at the Balsillie School of International Affairs and Professor Emeritus at the University of KwaZulu-Natal .
Lovozerskaya Volost became a part of Murmansk Governorate at the time of its establishment in 1921, and was abolished on August 1, 1927 along with the rest of the volosts of Murmansk Governorate when the latter was transformed into Murmansk Okrug, redistricted, and transferred to the newly created Leningrad Oblast .
Michael Frederick ""Micky"" Horswill was an English professional footballer for Sunderland, Manchester City, Plymouth Argyle, Hull City, Happy Valley of Hong Kong and Carlisle United where he finished his career .
Andriy Rad is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Arsenal Bila Tserkva in the Ukrainian First League .
Huntsville is a city located primarily in Madison County in the central part of the far northern region of the State of Alabama .
Jamar Austin, and ""If I Could Go"" were both included on The Transporter movie soundtrack .
Adam Rex is an American illustrator and writer of children's books living in Tucson, Arizona .
Keriya Town or Mugala Town is a town in Keriya County, Xinjiang, China, on the old Southern Silk Road .
Intercell AG was a biotechnology company based in Vienna which focuses on the development of modern prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines against infectious diseases .
Varrak is an Estonian book publishing company founded in 1991, which quickly grew to one of the most popular book publishers in Estonia .
DJ Greyboy is an acid jazz DJ from San Diego, California now Residing in San Diego, California .
The Seven Sister States , also called ""Paradise Unexplored"", are the contiguous states of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura in northeastern India .
The City of San Marino , also known simply as San Marino or locally as Città, is the capital city of the Republic of San Marino located on the Italian peninsula, near the Adriatic Sea .
Tyler Spencer , also known by his stage name Dick Valentine, is an American singer, songwriter, and musician .
StormGeo AS in 2012 StormGeo became the number one provider of MetOcean services to the offshore oil and gas industry globally .
Chua Sock Koong , a position she assumed in February 2006, before she took over Lee Hsien Yang's CEO post in April 2007 .
VisualSonics is a manufacturer of real-time, in vivo, high-resolution micro-imaging systems designed specifically for preclinical research and is a wholly owned subsidiary of SonoSite, Inc .
Austral Group is a Peruvian seafood company publicly traded on the Lima Stock Exchange .
The Malacca Sultanate , to retreat to the further reaches of his empire, where his progeny established new ruling dynasties, Johor and Perak .
German South-West Africa and the territory was administered as South-West Africa under a League of Nations mandate .
The Croatian Journalists' Association is a Croatian association based in Zagreb aimed at promoting freedom of the press and free speech in journalism .
Sitaram Ayurveda Pharmacy Ltd is a private company which manufactures ayurvedic medicines in Thrissur City of Kerala State .
Australian Indian Ocean Territories is the name since 1995 of an administrative unit under the Australian Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government, consisting of two islands groups in the Indian Ocean under Australian sovereignty: Christmas Island , where he is nominally also administrator but does not resideEach of these island components has its own Shire Council: the Shire of Christmas Island and the Shire of Cocos .
Pacific Mercury was a manufacturer of television sets in the 1950s and 1960s under the name Mercury Television .
Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings Limited is a Taiwanese footwear manufacturer headquartered in Hong Kong and established by its Taiwanese parent company, Pou Chen Group .
David Satter is a former Moscow correspondent and expert on Russia and the Soviet Union who wrote books about the decline and fall of the Soviet Union and the rise of post-Soviet Russia .
The Mystic Ballet, based in Mystic, Connecticut is a dance company and performing arts educational institution .
Speedflow Communications is an international telecommunication company which is a VoIP provider and software products developer in VoIP business .
Ardex GmbH is a manufacturer of special materials for the building trade with its place of business in Witten .
Judea , the Roman Emperor Hadrian changed the name of the province to Syria Palaestina and Jerusalem to Aelia Capitolina, which certain scholars conclude was done in an attempt to remove the relationship of the Jewish people to the region .
ShoreTel is a company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California and has regional offices in the United Kingdom, Sydney, Australia and Munich, Germany .
Northland Organic Foods Corporation was a global food and agricultural products company based in Saint Paul, Minnesota .
TMEIC Corporation designs, develops and engineers advanced automation systems, large rotating machinery, and variable speed drives specializing in serving metals, material handling, oil and gas, mining, testing and other industrial markets .
RedHouse Films, also known as RedHouse Productions, RedHouse Entertainment, RedHouse Studios or simply RedHouse is an American entertainment company with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California .
Confederate Memorial Hall is a museum located in New Orleans, Louisiana containing historical artifacts related to the Confederate States of America and the American Civil War .
Norrlandsflyg AB is a Swedish helicopter operator which provides search and rescue under contract with the Swedish Maritime Administration and air ambulance services for Västra Götaland County .
Ingham Consult ApS is one of the world's leading consultants in wind energy developments .
Philippe Kahn and Sonia-Lee founded LightSurf in 1998 shortly after Kahn created the first camera phone solution sharing pictures instantly on public networks in 1997 .
Sibuhuan is a district which is also the capital of Padang Lawas Regency, North Sumatra, Indonesia .
Zabul is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan, located in the south of the country .
Smartmatic is a multinational company originally incorporated in April 11, 2000 in the State of Delaware, USA that specializes in the design and deployment of complex purpose-specific technology solutions aimed at helping governments to fulfill their commitments toward their citizens .
On 27 February 1967, Britain granted the territory of Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla the status of ""associated state"", with its own constitution and a considerable degree of self-government .
The Stele of Zakkur , 45 km southeast of Aleppo, in the territory of the ancient kingdom of Hamath .
The Ukrainian diaspora is the global community of ethnic Ukrainians, especially those who maintain some kind of connection, even if ephemeral, to the land of their ancestors and maintain their feeling of Ukrainian national identity within their own local community .
The Sutter Hock Farm is the first non-Indian settlement in Sutter County, USA established in 1841 by John Augustus Sutter .
Shivonn Geeb is a beauty queen from Nevada who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Ngardmau is one of Palau's sixteen states and is located on the west side of Babeldaob between the states of Ngaraard and Ngeremlengui .
The Société de Transport Interurbains du Val d'Oise, or STIVO, is the bus company operating urban buses in Cergy-Pontoise in the département of Val-d'Oise, France .
Nigeria , officially the Federal Republic of Nigeria, is a federal constitutional republic comprising 36 states and its Federal Capital Territory, Abuja .
The United Kingdom was the host country for the inaugural Eurovision Dance Contest in 2007 and also hosted the 2008 competition .
Productos Ramo is popular Colombian snackfood company, perhaps the only independent national brand to offer serious competition to multinational brands like Frito Lay and Grupo Bimbo .
EuroJet Turbo GmbH is a multi-national consortium, the partner companies of which are Rolls Royce of the United Kingdom, Avio of Italy, ITP of Spain and MTU Aero Engines of Germany .
Martin Bulloch is a Scottish musician, best known for being a member of Mogwai .
BGW Systems is a designer and manufacturer of audio power amplifiers based in Southern California in the United States .
József Kiprich is a retired Hungarian football forward and currently a football manager and scout .
Davivienda is a Colombian Bank which was founded in 1972 and renders services to individuals, companies, and the rural sector .
CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited is the financial flagship company of the CITIC Group outside mainland China .
Jamison International VLLC was a manufacturer of a wide variety of both custom brass cases, and obsolete or hard to find calibers .
The Animated Classics of Japanese Literature was a stand-alone story based on popular and well known modern Japanese stories .
Central Films is a Paris based French motion picture production company founded in 2004 by Fernando Sulichin .
Juan Anacleto Araneta , was a pioneer sugar farmer and revolutionary leader during the Negros Revolution .
The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was the Yugoslav state that existed from its foundation in the aftermath of World War II until its dissolution in 1992 amid the Yugoslav Wars .
ZTR Control Systems is a privately held company based in London, Ontario Canada and with an office in Minneapolis, Minnesota USA .
Zachary Wayne ""Zac"" Farro is an American musician, who is currently the sole member of the band Half Noise, and best known as the former drummer of the alternative rock band Paramore from its inception until late 2010 .
Bologna of 2009, Bologna is the first Italian city and the 47th European city in terms of its economic growth rate .
Matola is the largest suburb of the Mozambique capital, Maputo, and adjacent to it to the west .
Henrik Takkenberg was a lead singer, songwriter, composer and producer who developed a new musical style he named Flamenco Chill .
Ira Mathur is an Indian-born multimedia Caribbean freelance journalist anchor who has worked in radio in Trinidad, West Indies .
Jay Howard is an English professional race car driver who competes in the IZOD IndyCar Series and Indianapolis 500 and resides in Indianapolis, Indiana .
Tadiran refers to a former Israeli conglomerate, which was founded in 1962 by the merger of two companies, Tadir and Ran , telecommunications, batteries, medical systems and defence electronics .
Eide Marine Services is a shipping and maritime company specialized in transport and logistics, heavy lift operations, salvage, installation and maintenance of subsea equipment and wind turbines offshore .
XDC, a member company of EVS, was created in 2004 by Laurent Minguet but changed its name to dcinex in 2012 .
Malegapuru William Makgoba is a South African immunologist, physician, public health advocate, academic and vice-chancellor of the University of KwaZulu-Natal .
Certified General Accountants of Ontario is the professional association of certified general accountants in the province of Ontario, Canada .
Club Z! In-Home Tutoring Services is a tutoring and test prep company serving the United States and Canada, through a network of franchises .
Bentheim-Steinfurt was a County of Germany, located in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia in the region surrounding Steinfurt .
Virgin Health Bank is a transplant quality cord blood stem cell bank that combines services with educational initiatives for families and the medical community .
PLW Entertainment is an Australian music production company specializing in producing and composing quality commercial music for recording artists .
Alexandre ""Álex"" Geijo Pazos is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Italian club Udinese Calcio as a striker .
Samasource is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to alleviate worldwide poverty by connecting unemployed women and youth in impoverished countries to digital work .
The Neutral Ground was a disputed area between Spanish Texas and the United States' newly acquired Louisiana Purchase .
Wayne Nelson is an American musician best known for being a member of the famed Australian rock band, Little River Band .
New Mountain Capital is a firm dealing in private equity and growth capital investments across acyclical growth industries .
Bankas Snoras AB or simply SNORAS was a commercial bank, founded in Lithuania operating in all three Baltic states .
Calvin O'Keefe is a major character in Madeleine L'Engle's Time Quartet series of books, and, as ""Dr .
The City Point Railroad was a nine-mile railroad in eastern Virginia established in 1836 which ran from City Point for more than a year .
Intalink is the organisation responsible for organising the management of public transport services in Hertfordshire on behalf of Hertfordshire County Council .
The Southern Hempstead Branch was a branch of the Long Island Rail Road from Valley Stream to Hempstead .
The Moscow City Telephone Network is a publicly held utility providing local telephone service to over 4,000,000 subscribers in the city of Moscow, Russia .
George Henry Martin Johnson was a member of the Wolf clan and selected as a hereditary chief of the Mohawk of the Six Nations in Canada; he also served as an official interpreter and informal diplomat between the Mohawk and Canadian governments .
See Also: History of AhmadnagarThe Ahmadnagar Sultanate was a late medieval Indian kingdom, located in the northwestern Deccan, between the sultanates of Gujarat and Bijapur .
Commonwealth Securities, also known as CommSec, is Australia's largest discount stockbroking firm operated by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia .
Isenburg-Arnfels was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Bad Hönningen in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
MOMIX is a company of dancer-illusionists based in Washington, Connecticut, founded in 1981 by Moses Pendleton, with a worldwide audience base .
Weißenstein is a town in the district of Villach-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia .
Portuguese Guinea , called the Overseas Province of Guinea from 1951, was a West African colony of Portugal from the late 15th century until 10 September 1974, when it gained independence as Guinea-Bissau .
Lonnie Burr is an American actor, dancer/choreographer, singer, director and author, best known for having been a star on the original Mickey Mouse Club television show from 1955 to 1959 .
Soheil Mosun Limited is a Custom Architectural Fabrication Build company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada .
Turup is a game played widely in the North Eastern region of Africa with an emphasis in Somalia .
Đất Đỏ is a township and town and capital of Đất Đỏ District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam .
Syldavia is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Order of Ikkos is a medallion award symbolizing excellence in coaching made available to all individual U .
Bobbili is a town, mandal headquarters and a Municipality in Vizianagaram district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Republic of Indian Stream was an unrecognized constitutional republic in North America, along the section of the US–Canada border that divides the Canadian province of Quebec from the US state of New Hampshire .
VARUL is an international law firm, founded in Baltic states in 2005 , project financing, competition, company law, contract law, labour law, insurance law, transport and logistic, bankruptcy and company liquidation law, litigation and arbitration, intellectual property law, European Union law, international trade law, telecommunication law as well as other fields of law, that have practical significance to business .
Angels is a supplier of costumes based in London, England to the film, theatre and television industries, as well as to the general public .
Bank of Taizhou ranked TZB on place 12 out of China’s Top 100 city commercial banks .
Bumble Bee Foods, LLC is a company that produces canned tuna, salmon, other seafoods, and chicken .
The County of Coimbra was a political entity consisting of the lands of Coimbra, Viseu, Lamego and Santa Maria da Feira, in modern Portugal .
Mamas & Papas is a UK-based retailer and manufacturer supplying prams, pushchairs, baby products, furniture and maternity wear .
Jordan Kuwait Bank, a Jordanian public shareholding company, was founded in 1976 and has successfully evolved into a major player in the Jordanian banking system over the last few years .
Giza as the location for the Prime Meridian, a reference point used for determining a base longitude .
Rajiva Wijesinha, MA, DPhil , and in February 2010 he resigned from the Ministry as well as the University, and became a member of parliament on the National List of the United People's Freedom Alliance following the General Election held in April 2010, following which he was appointed a member of parliament .
Certegy was a public corporation created in 2001 when Equifax spun off their payment services division .
The Open Source Health Care Alliance is an international collaboration promoting the development and use of open source software and open access publications in the health care domain .
Nikolai Dmitrievich Kovalyov and member of the State Duma, where he chairs the Duma's Veterans' Committee .
Highland Capital Partners is a global venture capital firm with offices in Silicon Valley, Boston and Shanghai .
Barak Bakhar is an Israeli former football player and currently the manager of Ironi Kiryat Shmona .
Jena Lacomis Garcia is an American photographer, musician, and writer known for her conceptual self-portraits .
Tourist Resorts is a Government of Kerala undertaking under Kerala Tourism Department, established in August 1989 to promote tourism investment and to develop Tourism infrastructure in the Indian state of Kerala .
Simon Paul Ramsden is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish Premiership club Motherwell .
Marble Arms & Manufacturing Company of Gladstone, Michigan began in 1892 with the invention and manufacture of the Marble Universal Rifle Sight by Webster L .
Charvet Place Vendôme, pronounced [ʃaʁvɛ plas vɑ̃dɔm], or simply Charvet, is a French high-end shirt maker and tailor located at 28 place Vendôme in Paris .
The Dorchester Railroad and Dorchester Extension Railroad was a horse car line in Boston, Massachusetts in the late 19th century, running from downtown south to Milton, mostly via Dorchester Avenue .
Dzhevanshirsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire, with its center in Tartar in 1869–1918 .
Diego Garcia is a tropical footprint-shaped coral atoll located south of the equator in the central Indian Ocean .
Founded in 1981 in Toronto by two United Church [1] ministers and two lay people, Bridgehead is a small fair trade coffeehouse chain which now has fifteen outlets in Ottawa, Canada .
Chandigarh is a city and a union territory in the northern part of India that serves as the capital of the states of Haryana and Punjab .
DNS Advantage is a proprietary, opt-in, free recursive cloud-delivered DNS service by Neustar launched 11 December 2007providing two recursive nameserver addresses for public use, mapped to the nearest operational server location by anycast routing .
The Provisional Government of Oregon was a popularly elected settler government created in the Oregon Country, in the Pacific Northwest region of North America .
MIJO provides services to generate and deliver final broadcast, print, and digital media materials to Canada’s advertising, entertainment, and broadcast industries .
Custoca , was a low-volume Austrian car manufacturer established by Gerhard Höller in 1966 to build and sell kit cars .
RAB Racing with Brack Maggard is a team that competes in the NASCAR Nationwide Series and formerly the Camping World Truck Series and the ARCA Racing Series .
Broadway Limited Imports, LLC designs and manufactures limited-run HO scale and N scale model railroad locomotives and rolling stock .
Ron Haselden , made for the passageway between the South Bank and the BFI IMAX cinema in London, consists of 8000 blue LEDs sunk into the walls of the underpass .
The Zomet Institute is an Israeli high-tech non-profit organization specializing in IT equipment and electronic appliances designed to meet Halakha .
The Chronology of the Sefuwa concerns the rule of the Sefuwa dynasty first over Kanem, then over Kanem-Bornu and finally, since c .
Damon Rogers Johnson is an American guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter, currently a member of hard rock bands Thin Lizzy and Black Star Riders .
Casinos Austria, formed in 1967 and based in Austria, is a gaming corporation that owns and operates casinos around the globe .
Peter Oliphant is an American actor best known for playing Freddie Helper on The Dick Van Dyke Show .
Green-Works is a registered charity and social enterprise, dedicated to radically changing the way society thinks about waste .
Baltic Freedom Day — 14 June, a name given to the day when Soviet deportations from the Baltic states started .
Natural Insight is a cloud-based workforce management company providing software to merchandisers, product companies, experiential marketers, event marketers, and retailers .
Graham Matthew Jay was an English singer-songwriter, who was often likened to artists such as Nick Drake, Badly Drawn Boy, and Jeff Buckley .
D+M Group aka DMGlobal ""formerly D&M Holdings"" is a Japanese corporation that owns several audio and video brands .
Brother Cadfael is the main fictional character in a series of historical murder mysteries written between 1977 and 1994 by the linguist-scholar Edith Pargeter under the name ""Ellis Peters"" .
Éditions Robert Laffont is a book publishing company in France founded in 1941 by Robert Laffont .
The AC Golden Brewing Company is a subsidiary of MillerCoors, a joint venture between SABMiller and Molson Coors Brewing Company .
Jeff Burr is an American film director, Writer and producer best known for his work in horror sequels, such as Stepfather II, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III, Puppet Master 4 and 5, and Pumpkinhead II .
The American Forest & Paper Association is the national trade association of the forest products industry, representing manufacturers of approximately 80 percent of the U .
Danny Waltman is an American soccer player best known for his career as a goalkeeper in professional indoor soccer .
Andrew James Little , and he was President of the Labour Party from 2009 to 2011 .
Quentin Cooper is a science journalist and facilitator, best known as the presenter of BBC Radio 4's Material World .
Chief Clarence ""Clancy"" Wiggum is a fictional character from the animated television series The Simpsons, voiced by Hank Azaria .
Russian Sky Airlines is an airline with its head office on the grounds of Domodedovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia .
Bob Lanois which resulted in the release of a six song EP entitled 'No Pun Intended' .
Aavin is the trademark of Tamil Nadu Co-operative Milk Producers' Federation Limited, a Tamil Nadu-based milk producer's union .
Samoa Technologies is a privately held diversified telecommunications, broadcasting and media, consulting, and aircraft leasing company located in the South Pacific and based in Pago Pago, American Samoa .
The Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom was the kingdom that ruled Lower Burma and parts of Upper Burma from 1740 to 1757 .
JSC Insurance Company GPI Holding or GPI is one of Georgia's leading insurance companies .
Nicholaus Arson in Säter, Sweden 26 January 1977 is a guitarist and backup vocalist of the Swedish garage rock band The Hives .
For the corporation that used to be named Smith, Kline & French, see GlaxoSmithKlineSKF, Svenska Kullagerfabriken AB , later AB SKF, is a Swedish bearing company founded in 1907, supplying bearings, seals, lubrication and lubrication systems, maintenance products, mechatronics products, power transmission products and related services globally .
Bruce Mulherin is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Tohoku Free Blades after being released by the Manchester Phoenix due to financial problems .
Wight Trash is a skateboard, entertainment, and apparel company local to the Isle of Wight in the United Kingdom headed by John Cattle .
DNB A/S The Bank’s head office is located in Copenhagen, while the Bank has operations in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland .
A microstate or ministate is a sovereign state having a very small population or very small land area, but usually both .
Aggregate Industries, a member of the Holcim Group, is an aggregates, construction and building materials group, with its base in the United Kingdom .
Design by Humans is a world-wide internet-based e-commerce company specializing in all-over screen printing and on-demand custom printed apparel, phone cases, and art prints .
Miyu Nagase is a Japanese singer, guitarist and a former member of all-girl pop band Zone, which disbanded in 2005 .
Jerry Ruben Lucena is a Danish–Filipino footballer who plays for Danish Superliga side Esbjerg fB .
Classic International Cruises was a British-Australian owned shipping company operating five luxury cruise ships, most notably their flagship, the rebuilt ocean liner MS Athena .
Televisión Boliviana is the first television channel of Bolivia and serves the only means of television communication from the government .
Ellipi was an ancient kingdom located on the western side of the Zagros , between Babylonia at the west, Media at the north east, Mannae at the north and Elam at the south .
Malcolm Boyd McNab is a trumpeter and player of other brass instruments, and a Los Angeles-based session musician who has performed on nearly 2000 film and television soundtracks .
The German Krah AG does production and installation of pipe production plants for plastic pipe in diameters up to 4000 mm .
The American Shale Oil, LLC , formerly known as EGL Oil Shale, LLC, is a developer of in-situ shale oil extraction technology based in Rifle, Colorado .
Wanli Education Group is situated in the city of Ningbo in Zhejiang province, near Shanghai .
Oliver Peoples is an American luxury eyewear brand, established in 1986 by Ken Schwartz and Larry Leight .
Healthy Habits is an Australian chain of franchised fast food outlets marketed as offering healthful fast food .
Big Rude Jake is a lyricist, songwriter, singer, jazz musician and bandleader based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada .
Dolores Partido is a partido situated in the eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Clark's Pies, also colloquially nicknamed ""Clarkies"" or ""Clarksies"" are well known meat pies that originated in Cardiff, and can now be found in South Wales and the West of England .
Gerhardt Behrendt was a German director, Puppet designer, and author of the Sandmännchen character for the Deutscher Fernsehfunk Berlin .
Logistics Health, Incorporated is an American corporation with corporate headquarters in La Crosse, Wisconsin .
The Underwood Typewriter Company was a manufacturer of typewriters headquartered in New York City, New York .
Khanbaliq or Dadu was the capital of the Yuan dynasty, the main center of the Mongol Empire founded by Kublai Khan and in what is now Beijing, also the capital of China until this day .
Iryna Mykolayivna Bilyk , many video clips, and continues to be active in the music industry .
Mahnaz Afshar is an Iranian actress who has been active since 1999 with acting in cinema and TV series .
Furniture Row Companies is a group of specialty home furnishings, mattress and linens stores with headquarters in Denver, Colorado, USA, and stores in 31 states .
Farukh Ruzimatov is a ballet dancer, the Artistic Director for ballet in Mikhaylovsky Theatre, Saint Petersburg .
Stan's Cafe is a theatre company based in Birmingham, United Kingdom, with a long track record in producing experimental theatre, installations and live art .
Al Hunter is a New Zealand country music singer-songwriter whose debut album, Neon Cowboy, released in 1987, ""made country hip"" .
Toby Ann Stavisky represents the 16th district in the New York State Senate which comprises the Queens neighborhoods of Bay Terrace, Bayside, Beechhurst, Clearview Gardens, Flushing, Rego Park, Forest Hills, Hillcrest, Elmhurst, Electchester, Pomonok, Queensboro Hill, Whitestone, Woodside, Mitchell Linden, Fresh Meadows, and Oakland Gardens .
The Republic of South Peru was one of the three constituent Republics of the short-lived Peru-Bolivian Confederation of 1836–39 .
CyberWatcher is a search engine technology provider specializing on services for online market monitoring and news filtering, established in 1999 with the headquarters in Oslo, Norway .
The Czech Republic has competed at the Eurovision Song Contest three times, first taking part in 2007 .
The Igala Kingdom, also known as the Kingdom of Idah, was a pre-colonial West African state of what is now Nigeria .
Shannan Ponton is one of four personal trainers on the Australian version of The Biggest Loser .
Meebox, is a Mexican company specializing in the design and manufacturing of computers and other consumer electronics .
TPP Law Limited is a British law firm with its principal office in Bankside central London .
Jeffrey Alford is an American-born Canadian food writer, best known for cookbooks co-written with his ex-wife Naomi Duguid .
LTB is the oldest snowboard equipment manufacturer in the Czechoslovakia and later in the Czech Republic .
Pennsylvania Lines LLC was a limited liability company that owned railroad lines in the United States that are owned and operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway .
Jowett was a manufacturer of light cars and light commercial vehicles in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England from 1906 to 1954 .
Carter Aviation Technologies is a privately held aviation research and development company based in Wichita Falls, Texas, United States .
Diofanny Jane Paguia , known professionally as Jopay Paguia, is a Filipina singer, dancer and actress .
Founded in 1870 by Jaime Torres, Bodegas Torres where in 1986 Marimar Torres founded Marimar Estate .
The Valley is the capital of Anguilla, one of its fourteen districts, and the main ""town"" on the island .
The British Protectorate of Uganda was a protectorate of the British Empire from 1894 to 1962 .
Frederick & Nelson was a department store chain in the northwestern United States, based in Seattle, Washington .
Jacques-Laurent Terrasson is a jazz pianist, born in Germany of an American mother and French father .
Located in National City, California, between San Diego and the border of Mexico, the Mile of Cars Association is an automotive association in the United States .
David Norman Angel QC was a Judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory, Australia .
Saint Jeanne de Lestonnac , alternately known as Joan of Lestonnac, was a Roman Catholic saint and founderess of the order The Company of Mary Our Lady .
UserJoy Technology , founded in Taiwan since 1995, is a company involved in PC single-player/MMO game development, publishing and maintenance .
The Queensland Urban Utilities , the trading name of the Central SEQ Distributor-Retailer Authority, a statutory authority of the Government of Queensland, is responsible for the delivery of retail water supply and wastewater services across five local government areas in South East Queensland, in Australia .
The Treaty of Chicago may refer to either of two treaties made and signed in the settlement that became Chicago, Illinois between the United States and the Odaawaa Native American peoples .
Sunyani is a city and the capital town of the Brong-Ahafo Region and the Sunyani Municipal of Ghana .
Zeleny Klyn , is a historical Ukrainian name of the land in the Russian Far East area between the Amur River and the Pacific Ocean .
The Commonwealth of Independent States is a regional organisation whose participating countries are former Soviet Republics, formed during the breakup of the Soviet Union .
OJSC Taimyr Air Company , operating as NordStar Airlines, is a Russian airline based in Norilsk .
Pick Up Stix is a San Clemente, California based ""fast-casual"" restaurant chain that serves fresh Asian cuisine through corporate-owned restaurants and franchises in Southern California .
Lunavada or Lunawada is a taluka and city in the Mahisagar, former Panchmahal District, in the Northern part of Gujarat state of India .
Puerto Roc Records is an independent record label that was established in 2006 by founder and sole owner Jonathan ""DJ Primo"" Padilla .
Federated Co-operatives Limited , is a co-operative federation, established in 1955, providing procurement and distribution to member co-operatives in Western Canada .
The Eshrefids or Ashrafids was one of the Anatolian beyliks with its capital in Beyşehir was one of the frontier principalities established by Oghuz Turkish clans after the decline of Sultanate of Rum .
Joshua Holmes is an American model and ultramarathoner known primarily for his celebrity blog Bumpshack .
The Massina Empire was an early nineteenth-century Fulbe Jihad state centered in the Inner Niger Delta area of what is now the Mopti and Ségou Regions of Mali .
This Is Music Ltd is an artist management and music collective with offices in London and Los Angeles .
Chinmayi Sripada is an Indian playback singer, working mainly for the South Indian film industry .
ÍNN is a privately owned, Icelandic television station, which launched on October 2, 2007 .
Pedro Macedo Camacho , is an award-winning Classical music, film and video game composer also known for his Requiem to Inês de Castro .
Gill Landry, also known by the stage name of Frank Lemon, is a singer/songwriter and guitarist born in Lake Charles, Louisiana, and a member of Old Crow Medicine Show and founding member of The Kitchen Syncopators .
Amy Spangler is a breastfeeding expert and president of baby gooroo who has lectured extensively and published several books on breastfeeding .
The United Provinces of South America name in use for the country, until the enactment of the 1826 Constitution .
Mark Davis, an Australian investigative journalist, is best known for his work on Dateline for SBS TV, where he is currently a co-presenter and video journalist .
Orbit Semiconductor is a recognized and established player in FPGA to ASIC conversionsand in ASIC to ASIC conversions,with a solid experience of thousands of successful conversions in the last 14 years .
Nekor It was sacked by the Vikings sometime between 859 and 862 AD, and destroyed by the Almoravid Yusuf ibn Tashfin in 1080 during his conquest of the Rif .
The Pontarddulais Male Choir is a Welsh male voice choir from Pontarddulais near Swansea, Wales .
Pooley Sword are the leading Cutlers of Swords, Dirks and Lances to the British Armed Forces, MOD, Commonwealth & Overseas Defence Forces .
For other uses, see Troy Sanders is an American bassist/singer best known as a member of the Atlanta, Georgia metal band Mastodon, in which he shares vocal duties with guitarist Brent Hinds and drummer Brann Dailor .
Impellam Group plc traded on the AIM is the 2nd largest staffing business in the UK and the 12th worldwide .
Zurich Cantonal Bank is the largest cantonal bank and fourth largest bank in Switzerland, as well as the leading financial services provider in the Greater Zurich area, with total assets of over CHF 110 billion .
Celeste Yarnall is an American actress who started her career on television before moving to the big screen .
Chico's is a retail women's clothing chain founded in 1983 by a three-person operation on Sanibel Island, Florida .
Baye Djiby Fall is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a striker for Randers in the Danish Superliga .
Tribsoft was a Canadian software company that specialized in porting computer games to the Linux platform .
Edinson Roberto Cavani Gómez is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Paris Saint-Germain and the Uruguayan national team .
Ermanno Capelli is an Italian professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for UCI Continental team Team Vorarlberg .
The Autonomous Government of Khorasan was a short-lived military state set up in what is now Iran .
Bajka Pluwatsch , is a female artist born in India and raised in Portugal and South Africa .
The Treaty of Fort Meigs, also called the Treaty of the Foot of the Rapids, was signed September 29, 1817 between the chiefs and warriors of the Wyandot, Seneca, Delaware, Shawnee, Potawatomi, Ottawa and Chippewa, tribes of native Americans and the United States of America, represented by Lewis Cass and Duncan McArthur .
The number of states headed by Queen Elizabeth II has varied during her 63 years on the throne, altogether seeing her as head of state of a total of 32 independent countries during this period .
Andrius Kubilius is a Lithuanian politician who was Prime Minister of Lithuania from 1999 to 2000 and again from 2008 to 2012 .
Alan Graham Frew is the lead singer for the Canadian band, Glass Tiger, and has also released two solo albums .
Full On Games is a Japan-based video game developer and publisher for the Dreamcast, PlayStation, and PlayStation 2 game consoles .
RotoHog is the consumer facing Fantasy Sports website for Fastpoint Games, a digital platform developer that designs, implements and markets fantasy services for media and advertising partners .
Brooke Nicole Daniels is a pageant titleholder from Tomball, Texas, who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2009 .
The Ben Nye Makeup Company was started in 1967 by renowned Hollywood film industry makeup artist Ben Nye .
Jason Castriota is an American automobile designer born in White Plains, New York, and raised in Greenwich, Connecticut .
The city of Cuenca — in full, Santa Ana de los cuatro ríos de Cuenca — is the capital of the Azuay Province .
Nafplio is a seaport town in the Peloponnese in Greece that has expanded up the hillsides near the north end of the Argolic Gulf .
SkinCeuticals is the name of a skin care line founded in 1994 by co-founders Alden Pinnell and Russell Moon .
The Confederate Monument in Bracken County, Kentucky, in Augusta, Kentucky, honors eight unknown Confederate soldiers who were killed attacking Augusta in September 1862 .
Pearse Doherty for the Donegal South–West constituency and is Sinn Féin's Dáil spokesperson on Finance .
Joey Slutman, also known as Joe Annaruma, was GWAR's second vocalist while Oderus Urungus - Dave Brockie - was the 2nd guitarist .
Schlage is a lock manufacturer founded in 1920 by Walter Schlage in San Francisco .
Kutak Rock LLP is national law firm with more than 450 attorneys in 16 offices around the nation serving local, regional and national clients in a multidisciplinary practice .
Element Markets, LLC is a limited liability company that provides environmental asset management and compliance services to institutional clients in North America .
Antananarivo under the direction of its President of the Special Delegation, Ny Havana Andriamanjato, appointed in March 2014 .
Südzucker AG is a German company, the largest sugar producer in Europe with an annual production of around 4 .
ORIX USA is a financial services group established in 1981 in New York City, New York .
Dani Reeves is a beauty queen from Iowa who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Desmond Mullen Currently, Mullen is Creative Director, ""Illuminating the workings of the world for young children"" at Busy Little Studios .
The Central Nippon Expressway Company Limited , is one of the main operators of expressways and toll roads in Japan .
The Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities is the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Massachusetts .
John Thomas ""Sib"" Hashian is a drummer best known as a member of the rock band Boston .
The E-M-F Company was an early American automobile manufacturer that produced automobiles from 1909 to 1912 .
Hungry Girl is a free daily e-mail subscription service about healthy eating that launched in May 2004 .
The Fonds de solidarité FTQ , Québec’s largest labour body, the Fonds de solidarité FTQ was created on June 23, 1983 through legislation enacted by the province’s National Assembly .
Discos Musart is the name of several different record labels that have issued records at various times in the 20th century .
Steve Gorman is an American musician, best known as the drummer of the American hard rock band The Black Crowes .
Punchdrunk is a British theatre company, formed in 2000, the pioneer of a form of ""immersive"" theatre in which the audience is free to choose what to watch and where to go .
Republika ng Katagalugan is a term used to refer to two revolutionary governments involved in the Philippine Revolution against Spain and the Philippine–American War .
Shide Group, based in Dalian, Liaoning province, China is a supplier of building materials in China .
Kuwait , officially the State of Kuwait, is an Arab country in Western Asia .
Keith Valentine Graham Bilal Musa , better known as Levi Roots, is a British-Jamaican reggae musician, television personality, celebrity chef, businessman and multi-millionaire currently residing in Brixton, South London .
The Kingdom of Orungu was a small, pre-colonial state of what is now Gabon in West Africa .
The South Florida Railroad was a railroad from Orlando to Tampa, Florida, becoming part of the Plant System in 1893 and the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad in 1902 .
Alireza Afzalipour was an Iranian engineer, businessman and philanthropist who is known as the founder of Shahid Bahonar University of Kerman because of his financial support and outstanding donation to Shahid Bahonar University of Kerman as well as Kerman Medical University .
Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz , the largest city in the province, by the Brigadier Estanislao López Highway and by National Route 11, which continues south towards Buenos Aires, and it is home to Sauce Viejo Airport with daily direct flights to Rosario and Aeroparque Jorge Newbery in Buenos Aires .
Grade Automobilwerke AG was an automobile manufacturing company established by the German aviation pioneer Hans Grade in 1921 and was closed in the late 1920s .
Hvaler Fjordcruise AS is a company that operates a passenger ferry between Skjærhalden in Hvaler, Norway to Strømstad, Sweden .
Ludovico Technique LLC was an art and entertainment production company which produces a variety of media, from feature films, to comic books .
Donna Janele Hyer-Spencer is a Democrat who represented New York's 60th Assembly District, which covers parts of Staten Island and Brooklyn .
Tara Dawn Holland is an American beauty pageant contestant, who was Miss America 1997 .
The Talaat Moustafa Group , one of the largest conglomerates in Egypt, was founded by the former Talaat Moustafa and is headed by his son, Tarek Talaat Moustafa .
Brad King was a Democratic member of the Utah State House of Representatives, representing the state's 69th house district in Price from 1997 to 2008 .
Cathy Cassidy is a British author of young adult fiction, mainly focusing on domestic fiction .
The Israeli-occupied territories are the territories occupied by Israel during the Six-Day War of 1967 from Egypt, Jordan, and Syria .
Although the history of National song contests organized in the Maltese islands dates back to 1960 when the first Malta Song Festival was organized, it was only in 1971 that Malta started to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest .
Galle , which begins from Gongala Kanda and passes villages such as Neluwa, Nagoda, Baddegama, Thelikada and Wakwella, reaches the sea at Ginthota .
Keno Davis , when he was named the 2008 Associated Press College Basketball Coach of the Year .
The state of Rhode Island is often depicted in popular culture, partly due to its natives the Farrelly brothers and former residence of the creator of the television show Family Guy, Seth MacFarlane .
HVS is a consulting firm based in Mineola, New York that specializes in providing services to the hospitality industry .
Blue Rubicon is a privately owned communications consultancy which was established in 1999 by Fraser Hardie .
Abderrahmane Mahjoub or Abderrahmane Belmahjoub in his playing days for his dominant control of the midfield, was one of the best Arab players of his generation, and one of the few who graced the sports fields of Europe in the 1950s and 1960s .
A presentence investigation report is a legal term referring to the investigation into the history of person convicted of a crime before sentencing to determine if there are extenuating circumstances which should ameliorate the sentence or a history of criminal behavior to increase the harshness of the sentence .
Agroterra is an agro internet platform which allows farmers and agrobusinesses to publicise and sell their goods and services without intermediary costs .
James Pilkington is an English film director who works for Mustard Film Company, a production company based in London, United Kingdom .
Pensacola , ""Cradle of Naval Aviation"", ""Western Gate to the Sunshine State"", ""America's First Settlement"", ""Emerald Coast"", ""Redneck Riviera"", ""Red Snapper Capital of the World"", and ""P-Cola"" .
André Velter , French poet, was born in Signy-l'Abbaye in the Ardennes région and was educated in Charleville and Paris .
The Center For Equal Opportunity is an American conservative think tank, which focuses on three specific areas of concern: affirmative action, immigration and bilingual education .
Tenfu Tea or Ten Fu, is the name of a China-based company that specializes in tea and tea food products .
Manomio LLC is a small US based independent mobile game developer with a focus on retro gaming on the iOS and Android operating systems .
Kathiri was a sultanate in the Hadhramaut region of the southern Arabian Peninsula, in what is now part of Yemen and the Dhofar region of Oman .
Partners & Spade, established in 2008 by Andy Spade and Anthony Sperduti, is a storefront and studio on Lafayette Street in the NoHo neighborhood of lower Manhattan .
The Free State of Oldenburg of Oldenburg, both of which became a part of Federal Republic of Germany in 1949 .
Bruce Carroll , is an American CCM singer and multi Grammy and Dove Award winning recording artist .
Ami James of the Miami Beach, Florida tattoo parlor Love Hate Tattoos, the subject of the TLC reality television program, Miami Ink .
The United States Olympic Hall of Fame is an honor roll of the top American Olympic athletes .
oDesk is a global online work platform where businesses and independent professionals connect and collaborate remotely .
Tajikistan , it is the 96th largest country in the world in terms of area .
Casely , was released in February 2008 and entered the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts .
Glenn Carl Leonard is an American R&B and soul singer best remembered for serving as the first tenor/secondary lead singer of the Motown quintet The Temptations from 1975 to 1983 .
For the Marxist–Leninist form of government/ideological concept, see People's democracy , it eventually became associated with countries adhering to communism after the creation of the Soviet Union, such as China .
Bedrock Records is an English record label for trance, house and techno started by Nick Muir and John Digweed .
PEI is a financial media group that focuses on global alternative assets, private equity, private real estate, infrastructure, and real assets with offices in London, New York, and Hong Kong .
Duane Sand is a North Dakota politician, a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, and a U .
Christian Patterson is an American photographer known for his Sound Affects and Redheaded Peckerwood series .
The Russian Republic , although de facto control was split between the Provisional Government and the Petrograd Soviet .
Hpruso is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma .
Montería is a municipality and city located in Northern Colombia and is the capital of the Department of Córdoba .
Woco Group based in Bad Soden, Germany, is an automotive corporation from Germany which has production and sales locations in 20 different countries including USA, Russia, Germany, France, Hungary, India, China and Romania .
Pablo Marcano García is a Puerto Rican painter, and together with singer Danny Rivera heads the International Academic Seminary of the Americas in Cuba and the Dominican Republic .
Mike He is a Taiwanese actor who started his career as a model before switching to acting .
The United Arab States , which had already signed a defense pact with Egypt, joined with the new state in 1958 in a loose confederation called the United Arab States .
The Duchy of Warsaw was a Polish state established by Napoleon I in 1807 from the Polish lands ceded by the Kingdom of Prussia under the terms of the Treaties of Tilsit .
Davilex Games was a video game developer and video game publisher, located in Veenendaal, the Netherlands .
Hispania Baetica was one of three Imperial Roman provinces in Hispania, was part of Al-Andalus under the Moors in the 8th century and approximately corresponds to modern Andalucia .
Professor Frank Bonilla was an American academic of Puerto Rican descent who became a leading figure in Puerto Rican Studies .
Orange Field Tea Factory is engaged in the manufacture of Black tea catering to the Middle - Eastern market and the C-I-S Countries .
Infratek is a company based in Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, with its main office in Oslo, Norway .
Saghir ""Saggy"" Tahir was an American politician who was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives .
Craig Dack is an Australian motorcycle champion who has driven Yamaha Motor Australia’s official Motocross team since retiring as a professional rider at the end of 1992 with great success .
ReserveAmerica, owned by ACTIVE Network, LLC, is a product that provides online campsite reservation processing for private, state and federal campgrounds in the United States .
Alphonzo Bailey, better known by his stage name Al Kapone, is an American rapper from Memphis, Tennessee .
CGE is a utility company based in Chile, operates in the sectors of electricity, natural gas and other services and is listed on the Santiago Stock Exchange .
Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , the name under which he publishes his poetry .
The Red River Valley is a region in central North America that is drained by the Red River of the North .
The American Underslung was an American automobile, the brainchild of Harry Stutz and designer Fred Tone, manufactured in Indianapolis from 1905 to 1914 by American Motor Car Company .
The Benin Empire was a pre-colonial empire, with its capital Benin City now located in Edo state in what is now Nigeria .
Travelodge Hotels Limited is a private company operating in the hotels and hospitality industry throughout the United Kingdom .
Kunhing is located in Kunhing Township in the middle part of southern Shan state, Myanmar .
The Republic of Aras was a short-lived and unrecognized state in the South Caucasus, roughly corresponding with the territory that is now the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan .
The Khanate of Astrakhan was a Tatar feudal state that appeared after the collapse of the Golden Horde .
Sergey Konstantinovich Mavrin , though it is considered Mavrin's solo project since its latest albums are released with ""Sergey Mavrin"", not ""Mavrik"" named on the covers .
Robert ÆOLUS Myers is a composer, performer and producer best known for his cinematic soundscapes incorporating flute, synthesizer, and percussion .
Robert Polidori is a photographer known for his architectural studies and frequent contributions to magazines and books .
Sigma Corporation is a Japanese company, manufacturing cameras, lenses, flashes and other photographic accessories .
The Scottish Youth Parliament, or SYP, is a politically-independent organization that aims to represent young citizens of Scotland .
Kumbwada is a rural kingdom in the northern part of the Federal Republic of Nigeria with a population of about 33,000 individuals .
Ada María Isasi-Díaz was professor emerita of ethics and theology at Drew University in Madison, New Jersey .
Kengo Nakamura is a Japanese football midfielder who currently plays for Kawasaki Frontale of the J .
Craig Cardiff is a Canadian folk singer from Waterloo, Ontario, who has released around sixteen albums, both live and studio-based since 1997 .
The Norinchukin Bank is a Japanese cooperative bank serving over 5,612 agricultural, fishing and forestry cooperatives from its headquarters in Tokyo .
Gregory Michael is an American actor who most recently starred as ""Grant,"" a fraternity brother, on the ABC Family television series Greek .
Ngan Dừa is a township and town and capital of Hồng Dân District, Bạc Liêu Province, in south-western Vietnam .
Toni Nathaniel Harp is an American politician who currently serves as the 50th Mayor of New Haven, Connecticut .
Michael Clement Irving Gibbs is a jazz composer, conductor, arranger and producer as well as a trombonist and keyboardist .
Tadao Tomomatsu is an actor, instructor, and science fiction personality living in the Los Angeles, California area .
Regalix is a Digital Marketing and Online Marketing company incorporated and headquartered in Palo Alto, California in 2004 .
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners is the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs, focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments globally .
Da Chen is a Chinese author whose works include Brothers, China's Son, Sounds of the River, Sword, and Colors of the Mountain .
John Farry is an Irish singer/songwriter from Garrison, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, best known for writing the Irish entry for the 1997 Eurovision Song Contest - a song entitled Mysterious Woman which achieved 2nd place .
Nukhinsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Nukha from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1921 by Soviet authorities .
Maine’s Own Organic Milk Company, L3C, or MOOMilkCo, was a low-profit, partly farmer-owned, L3C corporation set up to help Maine organic family dairy farms maintain a market and achieve profitability .
Dynex Semiconductor based in Lincoln, England, United Kingdom is a global supplier of products and services specialising in the field of power semiconductor devices and silicon on sapphire integrated circuit products .
Gigle Networks was a provider of high performance system-on-a-chip semiconductor devices and intelligent switching technology for home network, IPTV, consumer electronics and smart grid applications .
Pax Softnica is a Japanese video game developer founded in 1983 under the name Image Soft and based in Kanagawa, Japan .
XADS ; but it can cause night-blindness and secondary effects such as nausea; it is claimed to leave no permanent eye damage .
Out of the Blue Enterprises is an American children's television company based in New York City, founded by the co-creator of the Nickelodeon pre-school animated/live action series Blue's Clues of the CGI-animated children's television show Super Why that airs on most PBS stations and on Kids' CBC in Canada and Blue's Room which formerly aired on Nick Jr .
Adel Rootstein was a British mannequin designer responsible for premium designs that are sold worldwide .
Calon was a Welsh animation television production company based in Cardiff, which primarily produced animation series in Welsh for S4C .
Willis Harold O'Brien , for which he won the 1950 Academy Award for Best Visual Effects .
Discovery Networks Benelux is a branch of Discovery Networks Western Europe responsible for channels in the Netherlands and Belgium .
La Plata is the capital city of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and of the partido de La Plata .
Nogacom Nogacom is an information technology platform which identifies and classifies unstructured data based on the specific business terms and concepts used by each specific company — including its customers, partners, products, locations, contacts and employees .
Barry McGoldrick is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won a National League title .
PlayNation is an online video game developer, headquartered in Carlsbad, California, United States, and founded in 1997 .
Cesare Natali is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender who currently plays for Bologna F .
The Taifa of Jerez was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southern Spain in 1145, until it was conquered by the Almohads .
Unchurched Belt refers to a region in the far Western United States that has low rates of religious participation .
Zamora is a city in southeastern Ecuador, capital of Zamora-Chinchipe province and cantonal head of Zamora Canton .
Spain has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 54 times since making its debut in 1961, where they finished 9th .
Azerbaijan took part for the first time in the Eurovision Dance Contest in 2008 in Glasgow, United Kingdom .
The Gersh Agency is a talent and literary agency established in 1949 by Phil Gersh .
The Kingdom of Majorca was founded by James I of Aragon, also known as James The Conqueror .
Poznań [ˈpɔznaɲ] region and is currently the administrative capital of the province called Greater Poland Voivodeship .
Cirebon is a port city on the north coast of the Indonesian island of Java .
Software Shelf International is multinational corporation headquartered in Clearwater, Florida, that develops, manufactures, licenses and supports a range of software and programming services predominantly related to business and institutional printing, print management and data recovery .
CA Sports is a company involved in the manufacturing and export of cricket equipment and clothing since 1958 .
Sibirtelecom , a subsidiary of Svyazinvest Holding Company, is a regional telecommunications and Internet service provider in Siberia .
The Republic of Pisa was a de facto independent state centered on the Tuscan city of Pisa during the late 10th and 11th centuries .
The Nu Breed Music Group, commonly referred to as The Nu Breed Recording or just The Nu Breed, is a United States based hip-hop record label, owned by Anthony ""Fate"" Lynch .
The Provisional Military Dictatorship of Mughan was a British-controlled anti-communist short-lived state founded in the Lankaran region on August 1, 1918 .
Bernard 'Bunny' Brunel is a French-born American bass guitarist who has played with various jazz notables including Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, and others .
Zwolle is a municipality and the capital city of the province of Overijssel, Netherlands .
Caleb Scofield is a bassist and singer mostly known for playing bass & contributing vocals in the alternative metal band Cave In, and his own sludge metal band Zozobra .
Gene Davis is a Democratic member of the Utah Senate, representing the 3rd District since 1999 .
I&M Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Oscar Castro-Neves , was a Brazilian guitarist, arranger, and composer who is considered a founding figure in Bossa nova .
Allozyne is a clinical stage biotechnology company headquartered in Seattle’s biotech and high tech innovation corridor .
Kindia is the third largest city in Guinea, lying about 85 miles north east of the nation's capital Conakry .
Costumi d'Arte is an Italian costume atelier and supplier for theater, motion picture and television productions .
Kharkiv Oblast of whom live in the city of Kharkiv, the oblast's administrative center .
Mercosur or Mercosul is a sub-regional bloc comprising Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and Venezuela .
Peter E M Butler, MD, FRCSI, FRCS, FRCS is Professor of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at University College London .
Waze is a GPS-based geographical navigation application program for smartphones with GPS support and display screens which provides turn-by-turn information and user-submitted travel times and route details, downloading location-dependent information over the mobile telephone network .
David Morrell is a Canadian-American novelist, best known for his debut 1972 novel First Blood, which would later become the successful Rambo film franchise starring Sylvester Stallone .
Frederick Bean ""Tex"" Avery , but Tex also voiced Junior from George and Junior and occasionally filled in for Bill Thompson as Droopy .
The Dominion of British West Florida is a separatist micronation founded in 2005 ""on an eccentric interpretation of actual historic events"" and based in the Gulf coast region of the United States .
Comil Carrocerias e Onibus is a Brazilian bus & coach manufacturing company established in 1985 with the purchase of bus company Incasel .
China Zhongwang Holdings Limited is the second largest industrial aluminium extrusion product developer and manufacturer in the world and the biggest one in Asia and China .
The Mexican Empire was the name of Mexico under the regime established from 1864 to 1867 .
The Malayan Union was a federation of the Malay states and the Straits Settlements of Penang and Malacca .
Telecom North America Inc is an interexchange carrier licensed in all states of the USA and in all provinces of Canada .
Nebraska is a state that lies in both the Great Plains and the Midwestern United States .
Swedish Ingria close to the Neva river's estuary at the Gulf of Finland, the new Russian capital Saint Petersburg was founded in 1703 .
Alice May Roberts is an English anatomist, osteoarchaeologist, physical anthropologist, palaeopathologist, television presenter and author .
Dean ""Deano"" Downing is an English retired bicycle racer, specialising in road cycling who last rode for NFTO Pro Cycling .
Wales on the Menu is a BBC Radio Wales series where restaurateur, writer and food critic Simon Wright challenges home cooks of Wales to get their dishes on the menu of top restaurants across the UK .
Târgoviște is a city in Romania, being the county seat of the Dâmbovița County .
CoSTUME NATIONAL is an Italian fashion house founded in 1986 by Ennio Capasa, Creative Director, and his brother Carlo, CEO of the Maison, which has its head offices in Milan .
Australia , officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is an Oceanian country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania, and numerous smaller islands .
Virtua is a non-profit healthcare system in southern New Jersey that operates a network of hospitals, surgery centers, physician practices, fitness centers, and more .
Castle Gallery is an art gallery located in Lisburn on the outskirts of Belfast, Northern Ireland .
ANU Productions is a theatre company based in Dublin, Ireland, It exists to create an artistically open working environment where artists can both investigate their individual practice and collaborate .
Mottahedeh & Company is a company in New York City that makes tableware and decorative accessories .
Quibdó is the capital city of Chocó Department, in western Colombia, on the Atrato River .
The Kong Empire , also known as the Wattara Empire or Ouattara Empire for its founder, was a pre-colonial African Muslim state centered in north eastern Ivory Coast that also encompassed much of present-day Burkina Faso .
High Impact Games is a video game developer based in Burbank, California, formed in 2003 by former members of Insomniac Games and Naughty Dog .
Tina Yuzuki , also known as Rio, is a Japanese actress, singer and AV idol who debuted as an AV actress in 2005, appearing in videos produced by the Max-A and S1 studios .
Haddock Corporation is an American consumer electronics and information technology consulting business based in Wichita, Kansas which operates two Haddock Computer Center retail locations .
D&S Car Wash Equipment Company is a High Ridge, Missouri based car wash manufacturer of all-welded stainless steel and aluminum car wash systems .
Dr Timothy Francis Hawkes OAM is an Australian educator and writer, known for his contributions to Australian and International education .
A-Bomb, founded in 2001, is a music production company based in London, United Kingdom and has created advertising campaign soundtracks for clients such as Nike, Sony, Coca-Cola, Johnnie Walker, and Adidas .
Trans-Bridge Lines is a line-run operator serving the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania and the southwestern Skylands Region of New Jersey with line-run service between New York City and the Lehigh Valley, via the I-78 corridor daily, and charter and casino service in the same region .
Banjul, officially the City of Banjul and formerly known as Bathurst, is the capital of the Gambia and is in a division of the same name .
Western Bridge Corporate Federal Credit Union, or WesCorp, was a financial services cooperative headquartered in San Dimas, California .
Umri is a town and a nagar panchayat in Jalaun district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Stroud & Swindon Building Society was the 10th largest building society in the United Kingdom, with headquarters in Stroud, Gloucestershire and total assets of £2 .
The Hague and more than one million inhabitants including the suburbs, it is the third-largest city of the Netherlands, after Amsterdam and Rotterdam .
Paolo Pandolfo is an Italian virtuoso player, composer, and teacher of music for the viola da gamba .
HostGator is a Houston-based provider of shared, reseller, virtual private server, and dedicated web hosting with an additional presence in Austin, Texas .
International Decision Systems is a software development company that creates software for financial institutions and equipment-leasing companies .
The Terra Sancti Benedicti was the secular territory, or seignory, of the powerful Abbey of Montecassino, the chief monastery of the Mezzogiorno and one of the first Western monasteries: founded by Benedict of Nursia himself, hence the name of its possessions .
Max Telecom is a mobile telecommunications company and internet service provider for very low price, paid once .
Action Target is a manufacturer of custom shooting ranges and portable steel targets for military, law enforcement, Special Forces groups, tactical training schools, and commercial applications based in Provo, Utah .
Minhla is a town in Thayet District, Magway Region, of central Burma bank of the Irrawaddy .
Pauline Lettice Yates was an English actress, best known for playing Elizabeth Perrin in the BBC television sitcom The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin .
Headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, GFS Canada distributes fresh foods, canned and dry foods, fresh and frozen meats, seafood and poultry, imported special orders, equipment, supplies and much more .
The Western Chalukya Empire ruled most of the western Deccan, South India, between the 10th and 12th centuries .
Teteks is a home furnishing manufacturer and retailer in the Republic of Macedonia, with headquarters in Tetovo .
Baxter Humby is a Canadian kickboxer known as ""The One Armed Bandit"" due to his missing right hand, which was amputated at birth just below his elbow after becoming entangled with the umbilical cord .
TheLadders is a subscription based comprehensive job-matching service and employment website, headquartered in New York City .
Tumi Music is a UK independent record label well known for its Latin American that won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Folk Album for Susana Baca in 2002 .
Damballa is a computer security company focused on advanced cyber threats such as zero-day attacks and advanced persistent threats .
Ethiopia , the Non-Aligned Movement, G-77 and the Organisation of African Unity, with Addis Ababa serving as the headquarters of the African Union, the Pan African Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the UNECA, African Aviation Training HQ, the African Standby Force and much of global NGOs focused on Africa .
Flipping is a term used primarily in the United States to describe purchasing a revenue-generating asset and quickly reselling .
PlayFlock is a free to play casual social game developer located in Moscow, Russian Federation .
Herman Northrop Frye, CC FRSC , one of the most important works of literary theory published in the twentieth century .
Yellow Rat Bastard is the flagship establishment in a chain of New York City retail clothing stores owned by Henry Ishay .
Spensonia is a fictional Utopian country created by the English author and political reformer Thomas Spence .
María de la Cruz Toledo was a Chilean political activist for Women's suffrage, journalist, writer, and political commentator .
Kettler, founded in 1977 by Robert Charles Kettler, is a multifamily housing developer in the US and are the largest land developer in the metropolitan Washington, DC area .
Dir was a small princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India until August 1947 when the British left the subcontinent .
Judith Aileen Dyble, better known as Judy Dyble is an award-winning British singer-songwriter most notable for being one of the vocalists with, and founder members of, Fairport Convention and Trader Horne; in between these she, along with Ian McDonald joined and recorded several tracks with Giles, Giles and Fripp, which, after her departure, evolved into King Crimson .
Varney Air Lines was an airline company that started service on April 6, 1926 as an air-mail carrier .
Arthur Uther Pendragon is an English eco-campaigner, Neo-Druid leader, media personality, and self-declared reincarnation of King Arthur, a name by which he is also known .
Robert Dean Smith in Munich and the Vienna State Opera; Ariadne auf Naxos at the Royal Opera, London at Covent Garden; and Fidelio in Tokyo .
The Gonfalonier of the Church or Papal Gonfalonier , which later became hereditary in the Naro Patrizi .
Fortigent, LLC began in 1994 when Jamie McIntyre and Steve Lockshin collaborated to create CMS Financial Services, a Wealth Management, Consulting and Performance Reporting firm based in Rockville, Maryland .
Bantva-Manavadar was a princely state during the era of the British Raj in India .
Cheyenne is the capital and most populous city of the US state of Wyoming and the county seat of Laramie County .
Qubad Talabani representative in the United States, Qubad is the second son of Iraqi former President Jalal Talabani .
The Îles des Saintes , also known as Les Saintes, is a small archipelago of the French Antilles located to the south of Basse-Terre Island, west of Marie-Galante and north of Dominica .
Rockwell International was a major American manufacturing conglomerate in the latter half of the 20th century, involved in aircraft, the space industry, both defense-oriented and commercial electronics, automotive and truck components, printing presses, valves and meters, and industrial automation .
Omineca Cablevision is a cable television and internet service provider in Omineca Country, near Prince George, British Columbia .
TeleMation Inc was a company specializing in products for the television industry, post production and film industry, located in Salt Lake City, Utah .
Loïc Dachary is a free software developer and activist in France, and has been active since 1987 .
Amanda Ruth Fazio MLC, an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council representing the Australian Labor Party .
Daewoo Engineering & Construction is a Korean construction company founded and established in 1973, headquartered in Seoul, South Korea .
The Duchy of Mirandola was a state which existed in Italy from 1310 until 1711, centered in Mirandola and ruled by the Pico family .
Hu Ge is an amateur director in the People's Republic of China who rose to fame through social satire and the Internet .
Adithya Menon born on 6 April, often credited as Adithya, is an Indian film actor who appears in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films .
HandCrafting Justice is an alternative trading organization working with approximately 2,000 women in 18 developing countries .
The Trust Territory of Somalia was a United Nations Trust Territory in present-day northeastern, central and southern Somalia .
Naniwa-kyō is a historical Japanese capital city, which was located in present-day central Osaka city .
Dish Network, since re-branded simply as ""Dish"" as part of a major brand marketing overhaul in 2011 along with a slightly changed logo, is an American direct-broadcast satellite service provider .
Deepti Gupta is an Indian actress who appears in Pakistani, Singapori and American films and serials .
Bhamo is a city of Kachin State in the northernmost part of Myanmar, located 186 km south from the capital city of the state of Kachin, that is to say Myitkyina .
VHF Records is an American record label, known for their extensive work with several major experimental artists .
Todd Sieben was a Republican member of the Illinois Senate who represented northwestern Illinois from 1993 until his resignation in March 2008 .
Twenty Twenty is a British independent television production company which joined the Shed Media Group in September 2007 .
Gregory Sams is a UK-based, American-born, fractal artist, social thinker, author, publisher, inventor, macrobioticist and creator of the veggie burger .
The Gus Sclafani Corporation is an importer of Italian Specialty products which includes flagship products such as Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Pasta, San Marzano Tomatoes, and Vinegar .
Max Rubin is a gambling expert and author best known for his book Comp City: A Guide to Free Gambling Vacations .
Ungaran is the administrative centre of the Semarang Regency in the province of Central Java, Indonesia .
Lotus TV Macau, owned by Macau Lotus TV Media via Satélite, Limitada, is a Cantonese and Mandarin speaking TV channel based in Macau and broadcast through Satellite AsiaSat 3S .
Herman Achille Van Rompuy term, to last from 1 June 2012 until 30 November 2014 .
Amy Loftus is a Chicago-born singer Singer-Songwriter category in the International Songwriting Competition in 2006 for the song ""Work to Do"" written with Will Kimbrough .
Flashpoint Music is an independent production house and record label based in Australia specialising in rock and pop .
Andhra Pradesh Housing Board earlier known as City Improvement Board is public sector corporation under Government of Andhra Pradesh located in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh .
Anna Wierzbicka [ˈanna vʲɛʐˈbʲitska] is a Polish linguist currently working at the Australian National University in Canberra .
The Province of Mendoza is a province of Argentina, located in the western central part of the country in the Cuyo region .
The Russian Democratic Federative Republic was a proposed federal form of government of Russia during the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
The Benham Plateau, also known as the Benham Rise, is a seismically active undersea region and extinct volcanic ridge located in the Philippine Sea approximately 250 km in 2012 .
Little Chef is a chain of roadside restaurants in the United Kingdom, founded in 1958 by entrepreneur Sam Alper, and modelled on American diners .
The Central States version of the NWA World Tag Team Championship existed from 1958 to 1960, 1962 to 1963 and then from 1973 until 1979 which was promoted by Central States Wrestling .
Tim Visser is a Dutch-born Scottish rugby union player currently playing on the wing for Edinburgh Rugby in the Guinness Pro12 and internationally representing Scotland .
The legislatures of communist states included:Congress of Soviets and Supreme Soviet in the Soviet UnionVolkskammer of the German Democratic Republic Marea Adunare Naţională of the Romanian People's Republic and the Socialist Republic of RomaniaFederal Assembly of the Socialist Federal Republic of YugoslaviaNational Assembly of People's Power in the Republic of CubaNational Assembly of Vietnam in the Socialist Republic of VietnamNational People's Congress in the People's Republic of ChinaSupreme People's Assembly in the Democratic People's Republic of KoreaNational Assembly of Laos in the Lao People's Democratic RepublicPeople's Assembly of Albania in the Socialist People's Republic of AlbaniaSejm of the People's Republic of PolandNational Assembly of the People's Republic of BulgariaParliament of the People's Republic of HungaryNational Assembly, and after 1969 Federal Assembly of Czechoslovakia in the Czechoslovak Socialist RepublicCommunist parties held permanent majorities in all of these legislatures .
In the Chinese motorcycle and auto industry Lifan Industry is a privately owned Chinese motorcycle and automobile manufacturer headquartered in Chongqing, southwest China .
Aaron Bertram is a trumpet player for third wave ska band Suburban Legends, and member of the children's group Kids Imagine Nation and is currently teaching music and movement to preschool students in Orange County, CA .
Kweichow Moutai Company Limited is a state-owned enterprise in China, specializing in the production and sales of Maotai liquor, together with the production and sale of beverage, food and packaging material, development of anti-counterfeiting technology, and research and development of relevant IT products .
The Northeastern Jiangxi Soviet , and thus the area was never going to make a formidable component soviet of the CSR .
The Palestinian Academic Society for the Study of International Affairs in an effort to foster scholarly understanding .
East Germany appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 1974 .
Thomas Industrial Media, headquartered in Mechelen and founded in 1975, is a sister company of Thomas Publishing Company, which was founded in New York in 1898 and produced the first Thomas Register of American Manufacturers in 1902 .
The Bristol Aeroplane Company, originally the British and Colonial Aeroplane Company, was both one of the first and one of the most important British aviation companies, designing and manufacturing both airframes and aero engines .
Jennifer Ward-Lealand, ONZM , is a New Zealand actress who has appeared on many films and television shows such as The Ugly and Shortland Street as well as the Australian comedy series Full Frontal .
Toremar is an Italian shipping company which operates in routes from Tuscany to the Tuscan archipelago .
Zions Direct is an online broker-dealer subsidiary of Salt Lake City, Utah, USA based Zions Bank, a subsidiary of Zions Bancorporation that specializes in offering securities for the self-directed and fixed income investors .
Kenya Commercial Bank South Sudan Limited, sometimes KCB South Sudan, is a commercial bank in South Sudan .
Yarra Valley Water is the largest of Melbourne’s three water corporations providing water supply and sewerage services to over 1 .
Neuronetics is a privately held company developing non-invasive treatments for depression and other chronic psychiatric and neurological disorders based upon neuromodulation technology .
Joop GmbH, branded JOOP! at a mid-range price level primarily in the German, Austrian and Swiss markets .
Polokwane meaning ""Place of Safety"", is a city in the Polokwane Local Municipality and the capital of the Limpopo province, South Africa .
The Century Council is a Virginia-based American not-for-profit organization founded in 1991 and funded by a group of distillers that aims to fight to eliminate drunk driving and underage drinking and promotes responsible decision-making regarding alcohol use .
LucyPhone is a free service that allows consumers to avoid the wait time that occurs when call center operators place them on hold .
Sarir or Serir was a medieval Christian state lasting from the 5th century to the 12th century in the mountainous regions of modern-day Dagestan .
Jessica Moss is best known for playing violin and singing backing vocals in the Canadian post-rock band Thee Silver Mt .
The Papal States were territories in the Italian Peninsula under the sovereign direct rule of the pope, from the 700s until 1870 .
Red or Dead is a fashion designer and manufacturer, started in London in 1982 by Wayne Hemingway and his wife Gerardine Hemingway .
Straylight Studios was a game development studio based in Dunedin, New Zealand, active from March 2004-March 2009 .
Todd Wells is a professional bicycle racer specializing in cyclo-cross and mountain bike racing from the United States .
Interchim is a privately owned French company specialized in manufacturing and distribution of reagents, consumables and dedicated instruments for the R&D and industry laboratory in the fields of fine chemistry, chromatography and bio-analysis .
The Nkwanta North District is one of the eighteen districts in the Volta Region of Ghana .
Timothy Charles ""Youngblood"" Chapman is a retired American Bounty Hunter, most noted for his role on A&E TV's Dog the Bounty Hunter, in which he along with Duane ""Dog"" Chapman and Dog's family track down and capture wanted fugitives .
Amber Jean Peebles is a New Zealand television presenter and a former Miss World New Zealand .
Radio for PeaceBuilding Africa is a program founded in 2003 by the international non-profit organization Search for Common Ground .
Angel Bakeries , also known as Angel's Bakery, is the largest commercial bakery in Israel, producing 275,000 loaves of bread and 275,000 rolls daily and controlling 30 percent of the country's bread market .
Bumi Resources is one of the largest mining companies in Indonesia structured as a holding company .
Sagentia is an international science, technology and product development group, working across a range of market sectors, including medical, oil & gas, consumer and industrial .
The Machine Group is a record label based in Atlanta, Georgia founded by Alvin & Calvin Waters in 1999 .
Singapore Secretariat, and a member of the East Asia Summit, the Non-Aligned Movement, and the Commonwealth .
MBC Action is a free-to-air satellite TV channel that screens films and television programs from the action genre began a terrestrial area in the Arab World .
Abt Electronics is an independent retailer in the United States of consumer electronics, major appliances and furniture .
Diego Biseswar is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Kayserispor, as a left winger .
Transgender publications have increased in prevalence in relation to the increased cultural visibility of those who self-identify as transgender, or individuals whose gender identity or gender expression does not match their assigned sex .
LA Fitness is a privately-owned American health club chain with over 600 clubs across the United States and Canada .
Lisa Victoria Redwood is a Welsh television actor best known for playing the character of Sheryl Hughes in the long-running Welsh soap Pobol y Cwm on S4C .
For over 14 years, CHS Electronics was a multinational distributor of microcomputer products, personal computers, peripherals, networking products and software founded by Claudio Osorio .
Rolando Bianchi is an Italian footballer, who currently plays as a striker for Bologna .
Ann-Helen Moen is a Norwegian lyric soprano from Molde, Norway, currently residing in Saffron Walden, United Kingdom .
The Theme of Sicily existing from the late 7th to the 10th century, encompassing the island of Sicily and the region of Calabria in the Italian mainland .
The city and municipality of Oaxaca de Juárez, or simply Oaxaca, is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of the same name .
Jason Vale , also known as The Juice Master, is an author, motivational speaker, and lifestyle coach .
Mongu is the capital of Western Province in Zambia and was the capital of the formerly-named province and historic state, Barotseland .
Iskra was an electronic equipment manufacturer in Yugoslavia, established on March 8, 1946 in Kranj, Slovenia .
Céline is a French ready-to-wear and leather goods luxury brand that has been owned by LVMH group since 1996 .
The One Network was the collective name for thirty-eight regional Independent Local Radio licences operated by Gcap Media in the United Kingdom .
Copper Mines of TasmaniaIs the name of the successor company to the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company that operated in Queenstown, Tasmania for just short of one hundred years .
Curt Sachs , and is probably best remembered today for co-authoring the Sachs-Hornbostel scheme of musical instrument classification with his fellow scholar Erich von Hornbostel .
Beit HaItona'im Al Shem Sokolov BeTel Aviv–Yafo and the Jewish Agency for Israel nearby .
McLord Magrão is a BRIT Award and Mercury Music Prize nominated multi-instrumentalist best known as the former guitarist for the indie rock band Guillemots .
Xtep International Holdings Limited is a publicly traded sportswear company headquartered in Quanzhou, Fujian, China .
Thomas Armon Pridgen is an American drummer, best known for his role as the drummer of The Mars Volta from October 31, 2006, until October 23, 2009 .
Menteng is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta, one of the administrative city which forms the special capital territory of Jakarta, Indonesia .
The Gao Empire precedes that of the Songhai Empire in the region of the Middle Niger .
Rot Front Open Joint-Stock Company is one of the oldest Russian confectionery manufacturers and a member of Obyedinyonnye Konditery holding company .
Halloween Adventure Stores playground equipment out of their former Halloween Adventure year-round store in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania .
Central Railroad of Long Island was a railroad built on Long Island by Alexander Turney Stewart, who was also the founder of Garden City .
Confederate Cemetery at Lewisburg is a historic cemetery located at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, West Virginia .
Raya is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Simalungun Regency .
Michelle O'Neill MLA is an Irish Sinn Féin politician who has represented Mid Ulster in the Northern Ireland Assembly since 2007 .
Quality Bicycle Products is the largest distributor of bicycle parts and accessories in the bicycle industry, with revenues of $150 million in 2008 .
The Greater Valley Forge Transportation Management Association is a transportation management association based out of King of Prussia, PA .
The Confederate Memorial Park in Albany, Georgia, United States is located on Philema Road across from The Parks at Chehaw .
Future Fibre Technologies is a fiber optic sensing technologies company based in Melbourne, Australia, with its US head office in Mountain View, California, Middle East head office in Dubai, Indian head office in New Delhi and European head office in London .
The Zayyanids are a Berber Zenata dynasty that ruled the Kingdom of Tlemcen, an area of northwestern Algeria, centered on Tlemcen, whose territory stretched from Tlemcen to the Chelif bend and Algiers, and reached at its zenith the Moulouya river to the west, Sijilmasa to the south and the Soummam river to the east .
Robin Jones Gunn is the best-selling Christian author of over 82 books, including several series aimed at teen girls as well as Christian fiction for older women and a few non-fiction books .
Parlok is a European manufacturer of mudguards and spray suppression systems for the commercial vehicle industry .
Sila or Dar Sila is a region of Chad which was created in 2008 from the Ouaddaï region's former departments of Sila and Djourf Al Ahmar .
Poly Real Estate Group Company Limited is a large state-owned real estate enterprise held by China Poly Group principally engaged in the design, development, construction and sale of residential and commercial properties, as well as the provision of property management services .
Salm-Horstmar was a short-lived Napoleonic County in far northern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located around Horstmar, to the northeast of Münster .
Kerching! is a British online gaming site providing casino games for Desktop, Tablet, and Mobile Phone users .
New Sweden was a Swedish colony along the lower reaches of Delaware River in North America from 1638 to 1655 in the present-day American Mid-Atlantic states of Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania .
An Jung-hwa is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
WCGtv is the community channel serving the Brandon, Manitoba area, available on the local cable television provider, Westman Communications Group .
Tollbridge Technologies was a voice over broadband company founded in 1998 by Gary Tauss and Asher Waldfogel, cofounder of Redback Networks .
Chartway Federal Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Virginia Beach and is chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration .
The media of Vietnam refers to the print, broadcast and online mass media available in Vietnam .
The Hershey Company, known until April 2005 as the Hershey Foods Corporation and commonly called Hershey's, is the largest chocolate manufacturer in North America and increasingly elsewhere throughout the world .
Russia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 18 times since their debut in 1994 and has participated every year since 2000 .
Carl Fredrik Malm is a Swedish politician and Member of Parliament for the Liberal People's Party .
Samuel Michael ""Sam"" Vokes , commonly known as Sam Vokes, is an English-born Welsh professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Burnley and the Wales national team .
Lavender Media is a Minneapolis, Minnesota based media company that began with the 1995 launch of Lavender, a biweekly magazine for the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered population of the Twin Cites area .
Anthony Hardy Williams is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, representing the 8th District since 1998 .
Accessible Home Health Care is a ""personal health care"" provider specializing in medical and non-medical services to all age groups from newborns to seniors .
Michael Shawn Malone , Malone is a columnist for ABC News, an op-ed contributor for the Wall Street Journal, a contributing editor to Wired, and the editor-in-chief of Edgelings .
Hispania Carthaginensis was a Roman province segregated from Hispania Tarraconensis in the new division of Hispania by emperor Diocletian in 298 .
M-Inverse Holdings Limited, also known as M-Inverse, is a Hong Kong digital content design and production studios .
PYOSA is a Mexican multi-national industrial family-owned group Founded by Rafael Fernández Saldana and his sons Alberto Fernández Ruiloba and lately participating Rafael and Jorge Fernández Ruiloba, fully based on the chemical industry .
BookPeople is an independent bookstore in Austin, Texas, and the largest bookstore in the state of Texas .
Margarita Rosa de Francisco Baquero also known as La Mencha is a Colombian telenovela, movie actress, singer and TV presenter .
Edward Winterhalder is an American author, television producer and entrepreneur who has written ten books about outlaw motorcycle clubs and the Harley-Davidson biker lifestyle .
Albert Yagüe Jiménez is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Castellón as a forward .
Brian McGilligan is a former dual GAA player, who is most notable for being a Gaelic footballer for the Derry senior football team in the 1980s and 1990s, especially the 1993 team .
Charles Matthew Egerton Hazlewood is a British conductor and advocate for broadening access to orchestral music .
Ateliers deMonaco is an independent high-end luxury watch company that develops and manufactures timepieces in Monaco .
Yejeon Media & Entertainment also known as YJ Media or YJ Entertainment is a South Korean entertainment company/record label founded in 1996 .
DOKUMEDS is European Clinical Research Organization to offer and perform international clinical trials at a high professional level in respect of the international project management .
Canadian composer Jan Randall is a pianist who played entirely by ear from childhood, started working in blues and pop music bands while still in high school, and after receiving formal classical and jazz training as a composer and arranger went on to spend a decade in theatre before moving on to make a career of composing sound tracks for broadcast .
Delaware Investments is a US-based asset management firm with more than $180 billion in assets under management as of Sept .
IceStone, LLC is a Brooklyn, New York manufacturer of durable surfaces composed of recycled glass and cement .
Little England beyond Wales is a name applied to an area of southern Pembrokeshire and southwestern Carmarthenshire in Wales, which has been English in language and culture for many centuries despite its remoteness from England .
Iceland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 27 times since its debut in 1986, missing only two contests since then, in 1998 and 2002, when prevented from competing due to finishing outside qualification places the preceding years .
Micro Center is an American computer department store founded in Columbus, Ohio in 1979 by two former Radio Shack employees .
True Tone Records was a United States based record label producing 78 disc records of Dixieland jazz in the 1950s .
Lindi is a coastal town located at the far end of the Lindi Bay, on the Indian Ocean in southeastern Tanzania .
Jazzland Recordings is a Norwegian jazz and improvised music label based in Oslo, Norway, often associated with nu jazz .
Stanlake Park Wine Estate is the largest vineyard open to the public in the English county of Berkshire .
Reliance Fresh is the convenience store format which forms part of the retail business of Reliance Industries of India which is headed by Mukesh Ambani .
The Klickitat War was a conflict between the United States and the Klickitat Indians and the Cascade people that occurred in 1855 .
Île Amsterdam to the south, forms one of the five districts of the territory .
The Free State of Mecklenburg-Strelitz came to power in Germany and merged the state with the neighbouring Free State of Mecklenburg-Schwerin to form a new united state of Mecklenburg .
GreenCells is a company that buys and resells used, refurbished or discontinued cell phones, to help reduce electronic waste .
In Greek mythology, Aristomachus is a name that may refer to:One of the sons of Talaus .
Alethea Kontis is an American writer of picture books and speculative fiction, primarily for children .
Alwar State was a princely state ruled by a Rajput dynasty during the period of the British Raj in India .
Center of Financial Technologies is a Russian software company that provides software solutions and services to financial, healthcare and public sectors .
Padang Aro is a town or Sub-district in South Solok Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of South Solok Regency .
Joe Crowley is a British television presenter and broadcast journalist, best known for co-presenting the factual BBC One series Holiday Hit Squad since 2013, alongside Angela Rippon and Helen Skelton .
Kirk Brandon is an English musician best known as the leader of the bands Theatre of Hate and Spear of Destiny .
Carollo Engineers is an environmental engineering firm specializingin the planning, design, and construction management of water and wastewaterfacilities for municipal and public sector clients in the United States .
The Greater Nile Petroleum Operating Company is a petroleum exploration and production company operating in Sudan .
Waris Ahluwalia is an Indian American designer and actor based in New York City .
Gnosis Games, a division of Threewave Software, is a casual game development studio in Vancouver, Canada .
Now & Then Records was a record label founded in 1992 by Mark Ashton, Bruce Mee and Peter Sims .
Fast-teks On-Site Computer Services is an information technologies based company founded in 2003 in Tampa, Florida .
Kantoli was an ancient kingdom suspected to be located somewhere between Jambi and Palembang in southern Sumatra around the 5th century of the common era .
EnServe Group Limited is a support services company headquartered in Macclesfield, United Kingdom which provides infrastructure services to the utility sector .
The Shotgun Players is a critically acclaimed California East Bay regional theater group formed in a pizza parlor in Berkeley, California in 1992 by artistic director Patrick Dooley .
Jeffrey Sutton Frederick were inducted into the Oregon Music Hall of Fame on October 8, 2011 .
Ella Baché is a skin care brand created in France by pharmacist Madame Baché in 1936 .
Your Coffee Cups is a coffee shop based in the Warm Springs district of Fremont, California .
Kirovsky District approved the redistricting of the okrug into seven districts, including Kirovsky, but did not specify what territories the new districts were to include .
Turkey participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 34 times from their debut in 1975 with the song ""Seninle Bir Dakika"" performed by Semiha Yankı, to their withdrawal in 2013 .
Lance King is an American heavy metal vocalist specializing in melodic rock progressive and power metal .
Norby Telecom was the first and only IP based Pan-Baltic telecom, the oldest WiMAX operator in the Baltic States .
Wren Kitchens is a privately owned British designer, manufacturer and retailer of fully assembled kitchen cabinets, fitted bedrooms and furniture for bedrooms, lounge, dining and home offices .
The Territory of Oklahoma was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 2, 1890, until November 16, 1907, when it was joined with the Indian Territory under a new constitution and admitted to the Union as the State of Oklahoma .
Michael Kulas is a Canadian singer, songwriter and music producer who was a member of the English rock band James between 1997 and 2001 .
China Dongxiang is a public company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong .
The Dakota Gasification Company is a synthetic natural gas producing company founded in 1984 in Beulah, North Dakota, United States .
Not to be confused with the son of Gauri Khan and Shah Rukh KhanAryan Khan is an actor and a singer from Afghanistan .
The Principality of Göttingen was a subdivision of the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg in the Holy Roman Empire with Göttingen as its capital .
Empolis Information Management GmbH is a content management and knowledge management software company with focus on ""smart information management"" .
Albania with the service sector dominating the country's economy, followed by the industrial sector and agriculture .
Morogoro is a city with a population of 315,866 east of Dodoma, the country's capital city .
Marex Spectron is a UK based broker of financial instruments in the commodities sector and energy markets providing voice and electronic trading and clearing services .
Viaspace is a clean energy company focused on commercializing technologies from NASA, Caltech, University of Southern California and the United States Department of Defense .
Robert Keith Young is an English musician and author, who became famous for being the unofficial fifth member of the rock band Status Quo .
Soli Deo Gloria is a British record label which releases recordings of the Monteverdi Choir and other ensembles conducted by Sir John Eliot Gardiner .
Based in Vancouver, BC, Canada, AVI was established in 1989 to manufacture high quality loudspeaker drivers .
Minor International is a hospitality company operating over 1,500 restaurants and 100 hotels in the Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East regions, and Africa .
Kievan Rus' ; his sons assembled and issued its first written legal code, the Rus' Justice, shortly after his death .
Roberto Regazzi is a notable contemporary violin maker and scholar who received his initiation in the craft from Otello Bignami .
The International Center for Research on Women is a non-profit organization headquartered in Washington, D .
Halfords Autocentres is a car servicing and repair company in the United Kingdom, specialising in car servicing, MOT testing, brakes, tyres, Exhausts, and air conditioning services/repairs .
Bohdan Roman Kubiakowski, better known by his stage name, Bohdan X, is a British-born former punk rock singer-songwriter and guitarist .
StarHub Limited is a full-fledged telecommunications company providing a full range of services over mobile, internet and fixed platforms in Singapore .
Paldeo, also spelt 'Paldev', was a was a princely estate in India during the British Raj .
Natalie Powers is a British solo recording artist and lead vocalist of the pop group Scooch, which represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 .
The United Arab Emirates , Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras al-Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm al-Quwain .
Maxime Morin , is a multi-instrumentalist, better known for his work in electronic music under the moniker DJ Champion or simply Champion .
Gloria Negrete McLeod is an American politician who was the United States Representative for California's 35th congressional district from 2013-2015 .
Adam Robert Christodoulou is a Greek-British racing driver, who won the 2008 British Formula Renault Championship, also won the 2009 Star Mazda Championship in the United States .
Skyss is the public authority that plans, purchases and markets the public transport services governed by the county authority in Hordaland, Norway .
Resaca Confederate Cemetery in Resaca, Georgia is the burial place of over 450 confederate soldiers who died during the American Civil War .
The Free People's State of Württemberg was a state in Württemberg, Germany, during the Weimar Republic .
Shadaw is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma .
Obukhov State Plant "", yet Leningrad inhabitants continued to refer to it as the Bolshevik Factory .
Just Marketing International , founded in 1995, is a motorsports marketing agency, sponsorship and advertising in Formula One, NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, NASCAR Nationwide Series, IZOD IndyCar Series, MotoGP and the WRC .
The National Railroad Passenger Corporation, doing business as Amtrak, is a publicly funded railroad service operated and managed as a for-profit corporation which began operations on May 1, 1971, to provide intercity passenger train service in the United States .
Masamichi Noro is the founder of Kinomichi® and was an uchi-deshi of Morihei Ueshiba, the founder of Aikido .
Derann Film Services, commonly referred to as Derann, was an electronics store and small format film distributor based in Dudley, England, notable for being the worlds biggest distributor of Super 8 mm film during the 70s and 80s .
Vyacheslav Butusov , born October 15, 1961, was a lead singer of Nautilus Pompilius, a Russian rock group, until its disbandment .
Adegoke Odukoya, better known as Adé Bantu for his album ""Fuji Satisfaction"" in 2005 .
Paulo César Arango is a Colombian Midfielder, who plays for La Equidad in the Categoría Primera A in Colombia .
Republika Peščenica was a satirical-parodical project of dictator-ruled republic by famous Croatian maverick traveller Željko Malnar .
The First International Bank of Israel is the fifth largest bank in Israel .
Innovation Center Denmark facilitates the entry of technology based Danish companies into Silicon Valley, connects research, capital and companies and innovates business models and market strategies .
Witchland is a large and powerful country in Eric Rücker Eddison's fantasy world, described in The Worm Ouroboros .
Agricultural Development Bank Limited in February 2004 abolished all Acts related to financial institutions including the ADBN Act, 1967 .
In Greek mythology, Crotopus of Argos was the son of Agenor and father of Psamathe .
General Patent Corporation has been actively licensing and enforcing a portfolio of “smart connector” patents .
Riviera range - hero shotRiviera is the largest and most awarded luxury boat building company in Australia and a major player in the global marine industry .
Susan Garrett is a former Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 29th District from 2003 to 2013 .
Eastpak is a lifestyle brand founded in Boston, USA, specializing in the design, development, manufacturing and worldwide marketing and distribution of a range of products including bags, backpacks, travel gear and accessories .
Austrasia formed the northeastern section of the Merovingian Kingdom of the Franks during the 6th to 8th centuries .
The Battle of Tebb's Bend Monument in Taylor County, Kentucky, near Campbellsville, Kentucky, commemorates the Battle of Tebbs Bend, which occurred on July 4, 1863 during the Civil War .
Joyce Tenneson is an American fine art photographer known for her distinctive style of photography, which often involves nude or semi-nude women .
Baltic Tiger is a term used to refer to any of the three Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania during their periods of economic boom, which started after the year 2000 and continued until 2006–2007 .
English America, and later British America, refers to the English, and later British territories in the Americas which ended the American Revolution, and then ceded by Spain to the United States in 1819 .
Crackerjack Productions is an Australian independent television production company headed by brothers Mark and Carl Fennessy .
Erika Umeda is a Japanese pop singer and was a member of the J-pop group Cute, under Hello! Project and former fashion model signed to ILLUME .
BTTR Ventures is an American Oakland, California-based company that stands for ""back to the roots .
Colonial Life & Accident Insurance Company is an American insurance company based in Columbia, South Carolina .
Microsemi Corporation is a manufacturer of defense, security, aerospace, enterprise, communications, medical, alternative energy, and industrial products for power-related applications .
Direct Edge is a Jersey City, New Jersey-based stock exchange operating two separate platforms, EDGA Exchange and EDGX Exchange .
Kerri Bennett Williamson , a historical novel inspired by the works of writers such as Jane Austen, the Brontë sisters and 19th century pioneer journals .
NewBay Media, LLC is a magazine and website publisher founded in 2006 and headquartered in New York City .
San José del Guaviare is a town and municipality in Colombia, capital of the department of Guaviare by the Guaviare River .
Combined Insurance is a global provider of supplemental insurance, including accident insurance, life insurance and critical care coverage .
Kim Antieau is an American writer, the author of six novels and many short stories for adults and teenagers, including Mercy, Unbound', ""Ruby's Imagine"", ""Coyote Cowgirl"", ""Jigsaw Woman"", ""The Gaia Websters""' .
Naveen Soni is an anchor with Zee Business and hosts their stock market and personal finance shows .
Emir Işılay is a Turkish jazz and film composer and pianist engineer on projects including TV series Boomtown and Lifetime Television feature production ""Murder on Pleasant Drive"" .
Jorge Oñate born March 31, 1949 in the town of Los Robles La Paz, near the city of Valledupar in northern Colombia, is one of the most renown singers and composers of the vallenato musical genre .
The Treaty of Fort Confederation was signed on October 17, 1802 between the Choctaw of Choctaw land, including the site of Fort Tombecbe, also known as Fort Confederation .
The Principality of Galicia–Volhynia, or Kingdom of Ruthenia and upper Southern Bug in modern-day Ukraine .
The Mirfield Reporter is a local weekly publication, providing news for residents of Mirfield, West Yorkshire, England, and surrounding areas .
Altos Hornos de Vizcaya was an ironworks business that began in 1902 in Bilbao with the merger of three iron and steel businesses: Altos Hornos de Bilbao, La Vizcaya, and La Iberia .
Park Island Transport Company Limited operates bus and ferry services between Ma Wan Island and other parts of Hong Kong territory .
Laurie Zeluck Carter was an American pianist and electronic musician who recorded under the name Laurie Z .
Dingeman Jacobus Johannes ""Dick"" Jaspers is a Dutch professional carom billiards player who specializes in the three-cushion event .
Anthony Bozza is a New York City-based author and journalist who is most famous for his writing in Rolling Stone .
Aker Verdal AS formerly known as Aker Kværner Verdal is a construction yard for large steel constructions and substructures for offshore oil platforms .
The Province of Natal was a province of South Africa from 1910 until 1994 .
MCA Solutions was a US-based provider of decision support technology for spare parts planning and management .
Recording Media Group International took over the plant and named the company Magnetic Products Oosterhout B .
Amadeus Institute is a think tank and policy organization based in Morocco and founded by Brahim Fassi Fihri .
John Hughes is an Irish musician and manager, best known for his management of The Corrs .
Hibernia National Bank, founded in 1870, was a personal banking and commercial lending institution headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana .
Desilu Productions was an American television production company co-owned by husband and wife Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball, best known for shows such as I Love Lucy, Star Trek, and The Untouchables .
Agonglo was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1789 until 1797 .
Ubisoft Toronto is a subsidiary of French video game developer Ubisoft located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada .
Jersey , is a possession of the Crown in right of Jersey, off the coast of Normandy, France .
Jerry Martin Sherk is a former American football defensive tackle who played for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League for 12 seasons between 1970 until 1981 .
Dawn Eden is an American Catholic author and journalist who was formerly a rock historian and tabloid-newspaper headline writer .
Unisys Corporation is an American global information technology company based in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, that provides a portfolio of IT services, software, and technology .
SES Broadband for Maritime is a two-way satellite broadband Internet service for use on private boats and commercial ships throughout European waters .
The Kington Tramway was an early narrow gauge horse tramway that linked limestone quarries at Burlinjob in Radnorshire to Eardisley in Herefordshire .
Cabanatuan, officially the City of Cabanatuan , is a city in the province of Nueva Ecija, Philippines .
Andrew Cheshire dedicated to Don's longtime friend and musical associate, the late Attila Zoller .
ABG Sundal Collier is a Nordic investment bank, publicly quoted and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange .
Frank Muller was a stage and television actor, but was most famous as an audiobook narrator .
John Florian Sowa is an American computer scientist, an expert in artificial intelligence and computer design, and the inventor of conceptual graphs .
William Neil Carmichael for the Stroud constituency in Gloucestershire since the 2010 general election .
Suzan Pitt is an American film animator and painter, whose surreal, psychological animated films and paintings have been acclaimed and exhibited worldwide .
Paul Harris is an English choreographer, dance teacher and movement director in film, television and theatre .
Sarah Preston , is an English actress, who is best known for playing Karen Newburn in Holby City, Celia Cobb in Doctors, and Amanda Parry in EastEnders .
The Saundersfoot Railway was a Welsh industrial narrow gauge railway built between 1830 and 1834 to carry the coal from the mines, situated near Begelly and Stepaside, to the harbour at Saundersfoot on the Pembrokeshire coast .
AS Ekebergbanen was a private company that built and operated the Ekeberg Line in Oslo, Norway .
José Francisco Araiza Andrade , is a Mexican operatic tenor and lied singer who has sung as soloist in leading concert halls and in leading tenor operatic roles in the major opera houses of Europe and North America during the course of a lengthy career .
East Caprivi was a bantustan in South West Africa , intended by the apartheid government to be a self-governing homeland for the Lozi people .
Black Jazz Records was a jazz record label founded in Oakland, California during the early 1970s by jazz pianist Gene Russell .
The Watauga Association While there is no evidence that the Watauga Association ever claimed to be outside the sovereign territory of the British Crown, historians have often cited the Association as the earliest attempt by American-born colonists to form an independent democratic government .
Kulabyte was a private company headquartered in San Marcos, Texas that developed live video encoding and video streaming software and provided streaming event services .
Caitlin Shea Morrall Machol and is a 2008 graduate of Alverno College in Milwaukee with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Professional Communication .
The Bishopric of Verdun was also a state of the Holy Roman Empire; it was located at the western edge of the Empire and was bordered by France, the Duchy of Luxembourg, and the Duchy of Bar .
Dreamwave Productions was a Canadian art design studio and comic book publisher founded in 1996 and is best known for their multiple Transformers comic book series .
Qasim Khanate or Kingdom of Qasim was a Tatar khanate, vassal of Russia, which existed from 1452 till 1681 in the territory of modern Ryazan Oblast in Russia with its capital Kasimov, in the middle stream of the Oka River .
Front Wing is a Japanese visual novel studio that specializes in the production of adult visual novels .
Manuloc was the first French company to offer full service contracts for maintenance of forklifts fleet in 1964, after a business trip of its founding leader Mr .
Danny Swain, better known by his mononymous stage name Danny! , is an American recording artist and record producer from Columbia, South Carolina .
Matthew Richter created Dinner Theater, an avant-garde performance art dinner theater presented at On the Boards in Seattle .
MacAndrews & Forbes Incorporated is an American diversified holding company wholly owned by billionaire investor Ronald Perelman .
British Airways , the world's third-largest airline group in terms of annual revenue and the second-largest in Europe .
Kylie Gillies is an Australian television presenter for the Seven Network, based in Sydney, Australia .
The Electricity Corporation of New Zealand Ltd formed on 1 April 1987, as a transition entity in the process of deregulating the New Zealand electricity market .
Shane Maloney born in Hamilton, Victoria is a Melbourne author best known as the creator of the Murray Whelan series of crime novels .
Helena Blackman is a British musical theatre actress best known for being the runner-up in the BBC1 Reality TV programme How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria? .
Jim Sullivan is a former Democratic legislator who served in the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 5th District from 2007 to 2011 .
The Poultry Cooperative Research Centre, or Poultry CRC, is a joint venture established and supported under the Australian Government's Cooperative Research Centres Program .
A S Per Kure Norsk Motor- og Dynamofabrikk and ASEA–Per Kure, was a manufacturer first of electric heaters and later of transformers .
Alessandra Marc is an American dramatic soprano who has appeared at many of the world's opera houses and orchestras .
Atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the US state of Georgia, with an estimated 2013 population of 447,841 .
Andy Hilfiger is an American business man in the fashion industry and a musician .
Lotte Mart is an east Asian hypermarket that sells a variety of groceries, clothing, toys, electronics, and other goods, with headquarters in Japan and South Korea .
Deborah Wiles and childhood reactions to those events, as well as everyday childhood moments and mysteries, most taken directly from her childhood .
The Kingdom of Valencia of Valencia which granted it wide self-government under the Crown of Aragon and, later on, under the Spanish Kingdom .
Island Masters is a midprice CD series that includes re-releases of records from the 1970s and 1980s by PolyGram .
Andy Piercy is a singer-songwriter who came to prominence in the Gospel beat acoustic guitar duo, Ishmael and Andy, together with Ian Smale , Matt Redman and Split Level .
The Bishopric of Minden was a Roman Catholic diocese , of the Holy Roman Empire .
SpaceAge Control is a design, manufacturing, and service company focused on 3D displacement sensing and measurement .
Salvatore Mancuso Gómez, also known as ""el Mono Mancuso"",""Santander Lozada"" or ""Triple Cero"", among other names , and financed their activities by receiving donations from land owners, drug trafficking, extortions and robbery .
Laura Ashley Bell Bundy is an American actress and singer who has performed in a number of Broadway roles, both starring and supporting, as well as in television and film .
Western Auto Supply Company—known more widely as Western Auto—was a specialty retail chain of stores that supplied automobile parts and accessories .
The Indian Liberal Group is a think tank founded in 1965 by Minoo Masani, author and parliamentarian, to promote the Liberal point of view and educate the public on the concept of Liberalism .
The Texas State Railroad is a historic 25 mi railroad between Rusk and Palestine, Texas .
Andrea Byrne , is English journalist and presenter, she currently presents ITV News: Wales at Six .
Cycle-Scoot is an American line of scooters created by aircraft engineer & entrepreneur Woodrow Wilson Skirvin in 1953 .
Miraj Senior was one of two Maratha princely states during the British Raj: 'Miraj Junior' and Miraj Senior .
Havelbus, or Havelbus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH, is the largest bus operating company in Brandenburg, Germany, serving the areas of Potsdam, Potsdam-Mittelmark and Havelland .
Flavia Cacace-Mistry , and for a number of years both partners appeared on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing .
Déclic Images is a French company specialised in the translation and sale of Japanese-style comics in the French-speaking world .
The Duchy of Cleves , Wesel and the city of Duisburg, as well as adjacent parts of the Limburg, North Brabant and Gelderland provinces in the Netherlands .
William Robert Cardille — known as Bill Cardille and ""Chilly Billy"" — is a broadcast personality from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania .
Jacques Bruna , better known by his stage name Bleubird is an American rapper originally from Fort Lauderdale, Florida .
Masaaki Endoh is a Japanese singer/songwriter who is prominent in the area of soundtracks for anime and tokusatsu productions .
Connie Champagne, née Kelly Kay Brock, born November 23, 1959 is an American singer, song-writer and actor .
Winstead Sheffield Glenndenning Dixon Weaver , known professionally as Doodles Weaver, was an American character actor, comedian and musician .
Great Ireland , and in Latin similarly as Hibernia Major and Albania, was a land said by various Norsemen to be located near Vinland .
Teribersky District on December 28-29, 1934 and by the Resolution of the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee on February 2, 1935 .
ApolloMD is a physician-led multispecialty contract management group based in Atlanta, Georgia that provides Emergency Medicine, Anesthesia and Radiology services to hospitals and health care centers nationwide .
The National Alliance for Youth Sports organization based in West Palm Beach, Florida, U .
Andriy Vitoshynskyi is a Ukrainian footballer who has played for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod .
The House of Inju was a Shia dynasty of Mongol origin that came to rule over the Persian cities of Shiraz and Isfahan during the 14th century AD .
The Assam State Electricity Board supplement the efforts of the state in power development in generation and transmission respectively .
Ben Neumann is an American entrepreneur, investor, film producer and mixed martial artist, best known for founding early Internet hosting service Internet Communication Icom .
Salter Group is an independent financial and strategic advisory firm that provides financial opinions, valuations, financial and strategic analysis and transaction support to companies in the Entertainment, Media, Life Sciences and diversified industries .
Zotac International Limited is a computer hardware company based in Macau producing consumer electronics in the form of motherboards manufacturing facilities in mainland China .
The Taifa of Seville was a short lived medieval kingdom, in what is now southern Spain and Portugal .
Trendrr is a New York-based digital and social media business intelligence platform that was acquired by Twitter in 2013 .
Štefan Senecký is a Slovak international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for MFK Ružomberok .
Maurice Dean Wint is a British-born, Canada-based actor who has starred in several films and television shows .
Sir Kenneth Percy Bloomfield is a former head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service who was later a member of the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains and for a time Northern Ireland Victims Commissioner .
Eastern Province is the largest, the most populous and the least densely populated of Rwanda's five provinces .
Brent Townsend is a Canadian nature artist who designed, in 1996, the portrait of a Polar Bear in early summer on an ice floe that appears on the current Canadian 2 dollar coin .
Neil Faulkner is an archaeologist, historian, editor of Military Times, features editor of the magazine Current Archaeology, a tour guide and a lecturer .
Nogai Horde, Nohai Horde or Nogai Yortu was a confederation of about eighteen Turkic and Mongol tribes that occupied the Pontic-Caspian steppe from about 1500 until they were pushed west by the Kalmyks and south by the Russians in the 17th century .
Tomás Brady is a Gaelic footballer and hurling player for Na Fianna and Dublin .
Lumo Energy is an Australian energy retailer wholly owned by Snowy Hydro and serving Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia and Queensland .
OSF Healthcare is a not-for-profit Catholic health care corporation that operates a medical group, hospital system, and other health care facilities in Illinois and Michigan .
Okiato or Old Russell is a small holiday spot in the Bay of Islands, New Zealand, seven km south of present-day Russell .
Li Chun , she is a former member of the Japanese girl group Morning Musume .
The Kermadec Islands are a subtropical island arc in the South Pacific Ocean 800–1,000 km in total area and nowadays uninhabited, except for the permanently manned Raoul Island Station, the northernmost outpost of New Zealand .
The Bechuanaland Protectorate was a protectorate established on 31 March 1885, by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in southern Africa .
James Pearce ""Jim"" Turnour was the Australian Labor Party MP for the division of Leichhardt .
Raghubir Singh was an Indian photographer, most known for his landscapes and documentary-style photographs of the people of India .
Papakouli 'Pape' Diop is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Levante UD as a defensive midfielder .
Waechtersbach ceramics is a German ceramics manufacturer, which was founded in 1832 by the Prince Adolf of Ysenburg and Büdingen of Isenburg-Wächtersbach .
Metro La Paz is located on the west side of Bolivia, with a population of more than 2 .
Ryan Patrick Halligan was an American student from Essex Junction, Vermont, who committed suicide at the age of 13 after being bullied from his classmates in real life and cyber-bullying online .
Airdrome Aeroplanes is an American aircraft manufacturer that offers a large selection of kit aircraft for amateur construction .
Judith Mason is a South African artist who has created oil paintings, graphics, mixed media and tapestries, rich in symbolism and mythology, and displaying a rare technical virtuosity .
Revolution Health Group was a United States-based corporation founded in July 2005 by Steve Case, who previously co-founded America Online .
The Metropol Verlag is a German publishing house, established in 1988 and generally acknowledged as one of the leading publishers on the Nazi era and the history of the GDR .
Ryan James Jarman is the guitarist and vocalist with English lo-fi indie rock band The Cribs .
FirstMerit Corporation is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Akron, Ohio, with assets of approximately $24 .
Frank Delgado is a Cuban musician, and a member of the novísima trova, heir to the nueva trova movement .
Noël Riley Fitch is a biographer and historian of expatriate intellectuals in Paris in the first half of the 20th century .
Stephan Berwick is an American author, martial artist, and actor knownfor his scholarly research on traditional Chinese martial arts – particularly Chen-style taijiquan, and roles in early Yuen Wo-ping Hong Kong Action films .
Boh Runga 1969/1970 is a New Zealand recording artist and was the lead singer and guitarist in New Zealand rock band Stellar .
Patricia Torres Ray , she represents District 63, which includes portions of southeastern Minneapolis and eastern Richfield in Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metropolitan area .
Lae, is the capital of Morobe Province and is the second-largest city in Papua New Guinea .
SNAV is an Italian company that operates ferry services from Italy to Sardinia, Croatia and Sicily .
Luke Webb is an English footballer who most recently played for Hereford United as a midfielder .
Bartell Drugs, also known as Bartell's, is a chain of pharmacies in the Puget Sound area of the U .
This article is a record of Scotland's results at the FIFA World Cup:The FIFA World Cup, sometimes called the Football World Cup or the Soccer World Cup, but usually referred to simply as the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association over a period of about a month .
Robert Douglas Genn was a well known Canadian artist, who has gained recognition for his style, which is in the tradition of Canadian landscape painting .
Auralia was a proposed colony that would have been formed out of the south-eastern portion of the colony of Western Australia in the early twentieth century, and would have joined the newly formed Commonwealth of Australia .
Asialink works with business, government, philanthropic and cultural partners to initiate and strengthen Australia-Asia engagement on all levels and across all sectors .
Make Architects is an architectural practice based in the United Kingdom founded by Ken Shuttleworth after he left Foster and Partners in 2003 .
Keyence Corporation of America, based in Elmwood Park, New Jersey, is the United States subsidiary of Keyence Corporation, headquartered in Osaka, Japan .
Tanganyika , from 1962 to 1964 the Republic of Tanganyika, was a sovereign state in the former German East Africa .
The Republic of Acre were the names of a series of separatist governments in then Bolivia's Acre region between 1899 and 1903 .
River Jones Music is an independent record label founded in Phoenix, Arizona in 2007 by River Jones .
The South Financial Group, originally known as Carolina First Corporation, was a bank holding company headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina .
Iwase Province is an old province of Japan lasting for a brief period of time in the Nara period in what is now western Fukushima Prefecture .
Dessau was one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, located in the east of the country .
Primavera Systems, Inc was a private company providing Project Portfolio Management software to help project-intensive organizations identify, prioritize, and select project investments and plan, manage, and control projects and project portfolios of all sizes .
Ulrick Chérubin was a Canadian politician, who served as mayor of Amos, Quebec, from 2002 until his death in 2014 .
The Moldavian Democratic Republic of Bessarabia, elected in October–November 1917 following the February Revolution and that start of the disintegration of the Russian Empire .
Overfinch, founded in 1975 under the name Schuler, is a British company which specialises in enhancing Range Rovers and is based in Leeds, England .
SECURA Insurance is a mutual insurance company in the United States that offers property and casualty insurance through independent insurance agents in 12 states .
Morphy Richards is a brand of electrical appliances, headquartered in the Swinton Meadows Industrial Estate, Swinton, near Mexborough, South Yorkshire, England .
BurgerFuel is a New Zealand gourmet burger restaurant with 69 locations in six countries .
Alan Stuart Veingrad, now known as Shlomo Veingrad , playing in a total of 86 games .
Guillermo Mordillo that were later presented at Cannes and bought by television studios from 30 countries .
Ruby’s Diner is a restaurant chain that reproduces the look and feel of the classic American Diner .
Raquel Roxanne ""Rocsi"" Diaz , also known as just Rocsi, is an Honduran-born, American television personality and model .
Ahmed Ould Daddah and was designated as the official leader of the opposition following the 2007 presidential election, in which he placed second .
Roger Ashby Roger Ashby led the club to fourth, third and second place finishes respectively in the Conference North league table .
Tlaxcala, officially Tlaxcala de Xicohténcatl , is the capital city of the Mexican state of Tlaxcala and seat of the municipality of the same name .
Hillards plc was a small supermarket chain from the North of England, bought out in a hostile takeover by Tesco in 1987 .
Dell'Orto is an Italian company, headquartered in Cabiate, specialized in the construction of carburetors and electronic injection systems .
Document Records was a record label established 1986 by Johnny Parth, former owner of Roots Records, in Austria as part of a scheme to make previously unreleased blues and gospel records from before the 1942–44 musicians' strike available on a number of European labels .
Jozef van Wissem is a Dutch minimalist composer and lute player based in Brooklyn .
Formerly known as Government Employees Credit Union, GECU is a state chartered credit union headquartered in El Paso, Texas and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration .
The SuperCat Fast Ferry Corporation, commonly known as SuperCat was a shipping company that operated a fleet of High Speed Catamarans in the Philippines .
Paul Edward McLeay , a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Heathcote for the Australian Labor Party between 2003 and 2011 .
Studio Festi is an Italian artistic project and production centre bringing into being shows and grand installations .
Pentland Ferries is a privately owned, family company which has operated a ferry service between Gills Bay in Caithness, Scotland and St Margaret's Hope on South Ronaldsay in Orkney since May 2001 .
Muddy Fox is a bicycle manufacturer from Basildon, Essex, specialising in mountain bikes and other flatbar bicycles .
Norway has participated in the qualification for 16 FIFA World Cup tournaments and reached the finals three times, in 1938, 1994 and 1998 .
Annapurna Studios is a leading Film & Television studio and production house located in Hyderabad, India .
Sabi was the capital of the Korean kingdom of Baekje from 538 until Baekje's fall to Silla in 660 .
Teradata Corporation is an American computer company that sells analytic data platforms, applications and related services .
The East North Central States form one of the nine geographic divisions within the United States which are officially recognized by the United States Census Bureau .
Anton Hay is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently a free agent .
Jayne Anne Jayroe-Gamble is a well known broadcaster, author and public official and former American beauty queen from Laverne, Oklahoma, who was Miss Oklahoma in 1966 and Miss America in 1967 .
Bernard Labourdette was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won stage 16A in the 1971 Tour de France .
The company P is a Swedish production company that creates participant based pervasive and transmedia entertainment .
Stephanie Pui-Mun Law is an American painter and illustrator who works predominantly in watercolor and whose art is inspired by, and depicts scenes of fantasy, the Other World, and the surreal .
Sragen is a regency in the eastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia .
The archeological site of Bura is located in the Tillabéry Region, of the Tera Department, in southwest Niger .
Marina Harrison Cooper is a former beauty queen from Maryland who was the first woman to represent that state at both Miss USA and Miss America .
West Berlin was a free city and political enclave surrounded by East Berlin and East Germany that existed between 1949 and 1990 .
The Treaty of Saginaw, also known as the Treaty with the Chippewa, was made between Gen .
Profire Energy is an oilfield technology company, specializing in the design of burner-management systems .
Karina Smirnoff , winning the thirteenth season with army veteran and soap opera star J .
Lim Jeong-hyun , also known by the online alias funtwo, is a South Korean guitarist known for his cover of the piece Canon Rock .
Synapse Product Development is a new product development , product design, and technology development consultancy company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, USA, with offices in San Francisco, California and Hong Kong .
China National Aero-Technology Import & Export Corporation is a leading trading corporation of China, its core business is aviation defense products, both import and export .
KUKA Systems GmbH, a division of KUKA Aktiengesellschaft, Augsburg, is an international supplier of engineering services and flexible automated manufacturing solutions with around 3,900 employees in twelve countries globally .
Haiku Studios was a video game developer based in France, founded by Olivier Cordoleani and Hervé Lange in 1993 .
MourningSound Records is an independent metal record label based in Singapore and was founded in 2002 .
The Delmarva Peninsula is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States, occupied by most of Delaware and portions of Maryland and Virginia .
The taifa of Dénia was a Muslim kingdom in medieval Spain, ruling over part of the Valencian coast and Ibiza .
Clarium Capital Management LLC is an American investment management and hedge fund company pursuing a global macro strategy .
Blitar is a city in East Java, Indonesia, about 73 km from Malang and 167 km from Surabaya .
Sheppard Robson is a British architecture firm, founded in 1938 by Sir Richard Herbert Sheppard, with offices in London, Manchester, Glasgow, and Abu Dhabi .
Zenkei Blanche Hartman is a Soto Zen teacher practicing in the lineage of Shunryu Suzuki .
Menlo Capital Group, LLC is a private real estate development company and investment firm with operations in Northern California since 1977 .
Wayne Fontana is an English rock/pop singer, best known for the 1965 hit ""Game of Love"" with the Mindbenders .
CP ALL Public Company Limited, was established in 1988 by the Charoen Pokphand Group to operate the convenience store business in Thailand under the 7-Eleven trademark, The Company was granted a license to use the trademark from 7-Eleven, Inc .
Hellenic Bank Public Company Ltd was traditionally and for many years, the Cypriot Orthodox Church .
Palangkaraya is the capital of the Indonesian province Central Kalimantan, also famously known as Central Borneo situated between the Kahayan and the Sabangau rivers .
Trigent Software is a SEI CMM Level 4 certified information technology services consulting company with offices in Southborough, Massachusetts, U .
Christopher Bartle is a British equestrian who has enjoyed success in both Dressage and Eventing .
Otto Sanchez is an American actor best known for playing Carmen Guerra in the HBO prison drama Oz .
Caroline van den Brul MBE is an award winning British television documentary producer and the author of Crackle and Fizz: Essential Communication and Pitching Skills for Scientists .
Maximum Fun is an independent podcast and radio show production organization founded and run by Jesse Thorn .
Solegear Bioplastics is an award-winning bioplastics company founded in 2006 and based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada .
Sounds Familyre Records is an independent record label based in Clarksboro, New Jersey, started and still managed by Danielson founder, Daniel Smith, who created the label in 1999 .
The Principality of Karvuna or Despotate of Dobruja , mentioned in Bulgarian and Byzantine documents and Italian portolans of the 14th century as its first capital, and located between Varna and Cape Kaliakra .
Thermo Fisher Scientific is an American multinational, biotechnology product development company, created in 2006 by the merger of Thermo Electron and Fisher Scientific .
Hulse, Playfair & McGarry is a chain of funeral homes in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada with several locations .
The Ardrossan Railway was a railway company in Scotland built in the mid-19th century that primarily ran services between Kilwinning and Ardrossan, as well as freight services to and from collieries between Kilwinning and Perceton .
Masaki Okimoto is a Japanese professional wrestler from Neyagawa, Japan; he's a current member of the Michinoku Pro Wrestling roster as Rasse .
David Anthony Fergerson is an American professional basketball player who has a French passport as second nationality .
Carapelli Computers is a Taiwanese company founded in 1983 with the goal of linking manufacturers based in South East Asia to the world's merchandise trading markets .
Johannesburg City Parks is a Not-for-Gain company established under Section 21 of the South African Companies Act and wholly owned by the City of Johannesburg .
Joe Madison , alternatively known as ""The Black Eagle"" or ""Madison"", is an American radio talk-show host and activist .
Nottingham Building Society is a building society founded in 1849 by a group led by Samuel Fox , a Quaker and prominent local grocer .
Rangers Football Club are a football club in Glasgow, Scotland, which plays in the Scottish Championship, the second tier of the Scottish Professional Football League .
Barkley is a Kansas City, Missouri, USA, based full-service advertising agency known for their work on Sonic Drive-In Restaurants .
In international relations, a regional power is a state that has power within a geographic region .
Vera Mindy Chokalingam , known professionally as Mindy Kaling, is an American actress, comedian, writer, and producer widely known for creating and starring as Mindy Lahiri in the Fox sitcom The Mindy Project .
David He was nominated for the 2012 and 2014 Primetime Emmy Awards as Production Designer for the Justified television series [1], and has twice been published with cover stories in Perspective Magazine .
Soopoolitse was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the eastern part of the territory of Estonia .
Queensland Games is a promotional collaboration of video game developers, educational institutions, government organisations and service providers in Queensland, Australia .
Bruce Boniface, better known by his surname, Boniface is a singer-songwriter, vocal arranger and producer best known for his Top 40 hit ""Cheeky"", which peaked at number 25 on the UK Singles Chart .
Zollner Elektronik AG ranks among the top 15 EMS providers with headquarters in Zandt .
The Principality or Kingdom of Gwynedd was one of several successor states to Rome which emerged in 5th-century Britain during the Coming of the Saxons .
Coyote Point Systems is a manufacturer of computer networking equipment for application traffic management, also known as server load balancing .
Ernest Bert Ashworth was an American country music singer and longtime Grand Ole Opry star .
Troentorp Clogs are wooden clogs handcrafted in Troentorp, Sweden, a small village approximately three kilometers from Båstad, Skåne in southern Sweden .
Negative equity occurs when the value of an asset used to secure a loan is less than the outstanding balance on the loan .
Sheema Kalbasi was born in Tehran, Iran on 20 November 1972 and grew up in Pakistan and Denmark .
Steve Bellamy is an entrepreneur in sports and entertainment best known for the founding of niche cable television networks including The Tennis Channel and The Ski Channel and for having an extreme work ethic .
Polypipe is a manufacturer of plastic piping systems, for use in the residential, commercial, civils and infrastructure sectors .
Raúl Eduardo Esparza is an American stage actor, singer, and voice artist known for his performances in Broadway shows .
Lubuk Sikaping is a town or Sub-district in Pasaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Pasaman Regency .
Convenience Valet, based in Melrose Park, Illinois, USA, is a provider of blister packed health and beauty products, over-the-counter medications, automotive, and general merchandise items .
King Sturge was an international property consultancy with over 210 offices and 4,200 staff in 45 countries .
The Hungarian Democratic Republic was a short-lived people's republic that existed, apart from a 133-day interruption, from late 1918 until mid-1919 .
Norman Pearson is an American orchestral tuba player who is most known as the tubist with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra since 1993 .
Paul Meyer , Jean-Pierre Rampal, Gérard Caussé, François-René Duchable, Maria João Pires, Pamela Frank, Yuri Bashmet, Gidon Kremer, Yo-Yo Ma, Mstislav Rostropovitch, Vladimir Spivakov, Tabea Zimmermann, Heinrich Schiff, Barbara Hendricks, Natalie Dessay, Emmanuel Pahud, Myung-Whun Chung and Gil Shaham .
Magnum Corporation Sendirian Berhad through Magnum Holdings Sendirian Berhad and the remaining 49% is held by CVC Asia Pacific Limited .
Key Publishing is a magazine publishing company specialising in aviation titles, based in Stamford, Lincolnshire, England .
Tom Simpson is a Scottish DJ and musician, best known as the keyboardist of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
Mike Lindemann Jensen is a Danish footballer who currently plays for the Norwegian football club Rosenborg .
The County of Hoya was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Lower Saxony .
In Greek mythology, Amphinomus, also Amphínomos , was the son of King Nisos and one of the suitors of Penelope that was killed by Telemachus .
Montreal has a large and well-developed communications system, including several English and French language television stations, newspapers, radio stations, and magazines .
Book Depository is a UK-based online book seller with a large catalogue offered with free shipping to over 160 countries .
Deluxe Music is a German Free-to-air music television channel, operated by Deluxe Television Group and owned by HighView .
Marmaduke Grove Vallejo , his name erroneously spelled Marmaduque, was a Chilean Air Force officer, political figure and member of the Government Junta of the Socialist Republic of Chile in 1932 .
The Mexico–United States border is an international boundary running from Tijuana, Baja California, and Imperial Beach, California, in the west to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, and Brownsville, Texas, in the east .
The Land of Oz is a fantasy region containing four lands under the rule of one monarch .
Paul Clark, also known by his electronic music recording name Basehart Snitch, is an English musician best known as the keyboard player of post-punk band The Bolshoi .
United Site Services is a rental and service company providing portable sanitation, temporary fence and other services in the United States .
Kettler Capitals Iceplex is the practice arena of the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League .
Bamra State or Bamanda State, covering an area of 5149 km², was one of the Princely states of India during the period of the British Raj, its capital was in Debagarh .
Riga Film Studio is a Latvian film production company based in Riga and founded in 1940 on the basis of the earlier private film companies .
Sayn-Wittgenstein-Karlsburg was a sideline of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, created by Graf Casimir for his brother Karl Wilhelm .
Nicomedes I , second king of Bithynia, was the eldest son of Zipoetes I, whom he succeeded on the throne in 278 BC .
Pams is a New Zealand company, owned by Foodstuffs, which also owns New World, Pak'n Save and Four Square .
The Rio Santiago Shipyard is a shipyard located in the city of Ensenada, province of Buenos Aires, at the shores of the Santiago River .
Biafra, officially the Republic of Biafra, was a secessionist state in south-eastern Nigeria that existed from 30 May 1967 to 15 January 1970, taking its name from the Bight of Biafra , and Biafra was reintegrated into Nigeria .
The Kingdom of the Lombards was an early medieval state established by the Lombards, a Germanic-speaking people, on the Italian Peninsula between 568–69 .
Spain has sent four entries to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, taking part in the first contest in 2003 .
Chon Wolson is a soprano opera singer in Japan and a Member of the Nikikai Opera Company .
The Smyk Department Store was constructed in 1948-1952, designed by Zbigniew Ihnatowicz and George Romanski, at the intersection of Bracka, Widok, Krucza, and Aleje Jerozolimskie, the building was designed in the late modernist style, however, the majority of new projects being built in Warsaw at the time were constructed in the politically favourable socialist realist style .
Browniekar is the name of a cycle car built in Newark, New York, from 1908 to 1911 .
South Staffordshire Water plc known as South Staffs Water is a UK water supply company owned by a privately owned utilities company serving parts of Staffordshire and the West Midlands, England .
Kodungallur Kovilakam [Bhattan Godavarma Thampuran] Bhagavathar Kunjunni Thampuran Kochikavu Thampuratti Kodungallur Kunjikuttan ThampuranMost popular among these scholars is Kodungallur Kunjikuttan Thampuran .
Uroš Umek , better known as DJ Umek or simply Umek, is a Slovenian dance music composer and DJ .
The Republic of the Congo , also known as Congo Republic or Congo-Brazzaville, is a country located in Central Africa .
Various Salafist states appeared during Afghanistan's war with the Soviets and following period of civil war .
The Grateful Crane Ensemble is a non-profit 501 Asian American theatre company based in Southern California, established in July, 2001 .
Miramax Books was a publishing imprint started by Bob and Harvey Weinstein of Miramax Films and was known for the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series .
The Other Change of Hobbit is a science fiction and fantasy bookstore in Berkeley, California, founded in 1977, the same weekend that Star Wars opened .
Media of the United States consist of several different types of media: television, radio, cinema, newspapers, magazines, and Internet-based Web sites .
Pan Am International Flight Academy is the only remaining division of the once iconic Pan American World Airways, which declared bankruptcy in January 1991 and shut down in December 1991 .
Alejandro Aura was a Mexican writer, essayist, poet, playwright and actor, as well as a culture promoter and television host .
LoveCat Music is an America based independent record company and music publisher, founded in 1999 with a catalog of over 10,000 songs from a varied roster of songwriter-artists .
The Reichskommissariat Niederlande was the civilian occupation regime set up by Germany in the German-occupied Netherlands during World War II .
EC Music is the record label of IEC Record, subsidiary of IEC and fellow subsidiary of Media 8 Entertainment .
The Second Haitian Empire, officially known as the Empire of Haiti , which seceded from Haiti in 1844, undermined his control over the country .
Rise Records is an Italian record label of house music and Italo dance, owned by Time Group and founded by Giacomo Maiolini .
John Schreiber , a religious play that has been performed by numerous churches throughout the world, and ""I Never Saw a Moor"", a one-act play that explores the pain and alienation felt by those who suffer from epilepsy .
Richard Albrecht then went into repertory theatre at Oldham, Lincoln, Birmingham, Nottingham, Newcastle, Leicester, Greenwich, Colchester, Salisbury and Cheltenham .
Satview is a cable television Master System Operator in the United States, with franchise cable television systems in the states of Colorado, Nevada and New Mexico .
John Rickards is a British crime writer who signed with Penguin Books at the age of 24 .
Clydeside Scottish Omnibuses Ltd was a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group formed in June 1985 from Western SMT Company Ltd .
In Greek mythology, Kebriones was the illegitimate son of King Priam of Troy and a slave .
Viskase is a global corporation based out of Darien, Illinois, USA that supplies plastic, cellulose, and fibrous film and packaging to the food service industry, including casings for processed meats such as hot dogs and sausages .
Werle House of Werle was a spur line of the House of Mecklenburg line of the Obotrites .
Angelo Gordon & Company is an American alternative investment manager founded in November 1988 by John M .
Brownsea Island Ferries Ltd is a company that operates ferries to Brownsea Island in Poole Harbour from Poole and Sandbanks .
Robert Green Hall , is a special makeup effects artist, film director, musician, and owner of Almost Human Inc .
A capital city or capital town capital and the seat of government, which is in another place .
Kabardin Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was the name given to Kabardino-Balkar ASSR after deportation of the Balkars .
Matthew Wayne ""Matt"" Shepard , and on October 28, 2009, President Barack Obama signed the legislation into law .
Vêti is a French clothing shop, offering clothes for the family with over 150 retail outlets in France .
Dongola , also spelled Dunqulah, and formerly known as Al 'Urdi, is the capital of the state of Northern in Sudan, on the banks of the Nile .
The Whelen Engineering Company, Inc is an American corporation based out of Chester, Connecticut that designs, develops, and markets audio and visual signaling devices primarily for fire and rescue, law enforcement, security, and military clients .
Pannonia was an ancient province of the Roman Empire bounded north and east by the Danube, coterminous westward with Noricum and upper Italy, and southward with Dalmatia and upper Moesia .
David Owen Phillips is a former professional and Welsh international footballer who played as a midfielder for Plymouth Argyle, Manchester City, Coventry City, Norwich City, Nottingham Forest, Huddersfield Town, Lincoln City and Stevenage Borough .
La Guajira from Lebanon, Syria, Palestine and Jordan, countries under the Ottoman Empire arrived to La Guajira in the c .
Eugene Laverty is a professional motorcycle road racer, the brother of Michael and John .
Shaka Mobile is a US-based wireless and mobile financial services provider using the Mobile Virtual Network Operator business model .
Park West Gallery is a commercial art gallery founded in 1969 by Albert Scaglione and based in Southfield, Michigan, USA, where it occupies 63,000-square-foot premises, which is open for public and educational visits .
General Foods Corporation was a company whose direct predecessor was established in the USA by Charles William Post as the Postum Cereal Company in 1895 .
Korea Post is the national postal service of South Korea, under the authority of the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning, formerly Ministry of Knowledge Economy until 2013 .
Protechnik was a front company established on 24 June 1987 by the South African Defence Force to perform quality assurance testing of chemical protective materials and equipment within a covert operation known as Project Coast .
The Palici , or Palaci, were a pair of indigenous Sicilian chthonic deities in Roman mythology, and to a lesser extent in Greek mythology .
Seeker Wireless is a company based in Sydney, Australia, that develops a range of technologies for mobile positioning, including a Hybrid positioning system .
The Central Bank of Oman was established in December 1974 and began operations on 1 April 1975 .
Miu Miu is a high fashion brand of women's clothing and accessories from the Prada fashion house .
Odessa Filmworks is a Canadian film production company, based in Ottawa, Ontario founded by film director/producer Lee Demarbre .
BT Mobile refers to a set of mobile services provided by BT in the UK and globally, through its mobile virtual network operator agreement with EE .
Shariff Kabunsuan was a province of the Philippines within the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao that existed from 2006 to 2008 .
BigWorld is an Australian company formed in 2002 that develops and licenses a middleware development tool suite for the creation of massively multiplayer online games and virtual worlds .
Radical Axis is an animation studio headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States known for its diverse work in both episodic television and commercials .
ATN Alpha ETC Punjabi is a Canadian exempt Category B Punjabi language specialty channel that is owned by Asian Television Network .
Tajai Massey, known by the stage name, Tajai , is an American rapper and producer .
Bohdan Borysovych Yesyp born 2 August 1978, Drohobych, Lviv Oblast) is a Ukrainian football forward who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Isenburg-Wied was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Neuwied in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville is located in the vicinity of Perryville, in Boyle County, Kentucky, United States, in the Goodknight Cemetery, a small family cemetery on private land .
The Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción is a stock exchange located in Asuncion, Paraguay .
Alison Turriff is a Scottish folk fusion clarinetist, composer, recording artist, researcher, producer and Artist for world leading clarinet makers Buffet Crampon .
Borislav Dugić ""Bora"" is a Serbian musician and flautist having released a number of CD's and records as well as having performed at countless concerts .
The Principality of Capua was a Lombard state in Southern Italy, usually de facto independent, but under the varying suzerainty of Western and Eastern Roman Empires .
Edifier is a consumer audio speakers manufacturer headquartered in Beijing, China that specializes in computer speakers, home audio, home theater speakers and headphones .
Carl William Verheyen is an American guitarist, known for his work in Supertramp and also for being a session guitarist .
Clarke Chapman is a British engineering firm based in Gateshead, which was formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange .
Amanda Levete Architects is a London-based practice formed in 2009 by award-winning architect Amanda Levete .
Monument Snowboards is a snowboard company based in the Mid-Atlantic founded in late 2001 by David Tran .
Hypertherm is a American corporation which designs and manufactures advanced cutting systems such as plasma cutting machinery and related high-technology industrial applications for specific use in a wide variety of industries such as shipbuilding, manufacturing, and automotive repair .
Mellenburg was a county of Upper Austria which was elevated into a principality by Emperor Charles VI for John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, after the Treaty of Utrecht led to the loss of his Principality of Mindelheim .
Epiphan Systems is a computer equipment manufacturer founded in Ottawa, Canada with an office in Palo Alto, California .
Network Instruments develops software and hardware solutions for analyzing and managing network and application performance, such as network analyzers .
Convex Computer Corporation was a company that developed, manufactured and marketed vector minisupercomputers and supercomputers for small-to-medium-sized businesses .
South Manchuria Railway was built as a part of the Chinese Eastern Railway in 1898-1903 by Imperial Russia according to the Russian-Chinese convention and the Convention of Peking 1860 .
Medina of the Qur'an chronologically were revealed to the Prophet in Medina and are called Medinan surahs in contrast to earlier Meccan surahs .
Sari , located in the north of Iran, between the northern slopes of the Alborz Mountains and southern coast of the Caspian Sea .
Simmons & Simmons is an international legal practice with over 1,500 people and 22 offices located in major business and financial centres throughout Europe, the Middle East and Asia .
TYM Guitars is a manufacturer of custom guitars and bass guitar based in Brisbane, Australia, as well as custom instruments the company also repairs, restores, refinishes vintage instruments .
Cazadero Performing Arts Camp , the first campers were a mixture of Berkeley High teens and members of the San Francisco Symphony .
The Vision Group of Companies, commonly known as the Vision Group, is a multimedia conglomerate in Uganda .
Tadjoura is the oldest town in Djibouti and the capital of the Tadjourah Region .
Global Solar Energy is a manufacturer of CIGS solar cells, a thin-film based photovoltaic technology, with manufacturing operations in Tucson, Arizona, US, and Berlin, Germany .
Frances Helen Godfrey , returning four years later with parents and brothers Tony and Nick to live for a short time near Oxford, before moving to Highcliffe in Dorset .
Essar Energy Plc is an Indian-focused energy company with assets in the existing power and oil and gas businesses .
Lincoln Jean-Marie is a British singer, born in London, EnglandJean-Marie has over fifteen years working experience as a singer, songwriter and arranger of both lead and backing vocals .
Chris Daring is an American musician primarily known for her work as a performer and teacher of the Texas style of fiddling, a predominant style of fiddling in the United States .
Bonnie Mitchell is a Democratic former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing the Cheshire 7th District starting in 2004 .
Vergo Retail Ltd was a department store business based in Liverpool, England, founded in 2007 and currently in administration .
Gorgeous Enterprises is a London-based film production company co-founded by Chris Palmer, Frank Budgen, and Paul Rothwell .
John Joseph Benoit is a Republican member of the Riverside County Board of Supervisors, who took office on December 1, 2009 .
Anna Skellern is an actress best known as the first female member of The Chaser's television programme CNNNN .
Best In The House Tickets is an online marketer of event tickets commonly referred to as a ticket broker .
John Miceli is the current drummer for Meat Loaf's backing band, the Neverland Express .
Rupert Neve, born 31 July 1926 in Newton Abbot, England, is an English electronics engineer and entrepreneur, who is particularly known as a designer of professional audio recording equipment .
Freddie Joe Farnsworth is an American stunt performer/co-ordinator, actor and military advisor in the television and motion picture industries .
The Underland is a fictional location in the children's fantasy series The Chronicles of Narnia by C .
Tiefu were also known as Tiefu 铁弗, a term which meant that they had Xiongnu fathers and Xianbei mothers .
GE Technology Infrastructure is a business group of General Electric composed of three GE companies: GE Aviation, GE Healthcare, and GE Transportation .
In Greek mythology, Pittheus was a son of Pelops, father of Aethra and Henioche, and grandfather of Theseus .
Lerch Bates is an international consulting services company specializing in the design and management of building systems with 36 offices in North America, Europe, the Middle East and India .
Alpargatas Argentina is the leading textile manufacturer in Argentina, as well as a major local distributor and exporter .
Máquina de Vendas is the fourth largest Brazilian retail company, after GPA, Viavarejo and Lojas Americanas .
Golden Era Records are a record label that specializes in Australian hip hop music and is based in Stirling, South Australia, Australia .
Kavangoland was a bantustan in South West Africa , intended by the apartheid government to be a self-governing homeland for the Kavango people .
The Canadas is the collective name for Upper Canada and Lower Canada, two British colonies in present day Canada .
Vladan Pavlović is a Serbian football defender who plays for Jelen SuperLiga club Radnički Niš .
Tricky Software is a California based developer focused on creating software for the iOS, and PC computers .
Modec was a Coventry, UK electric vehicle manufacturer, specialising in Commercial vehicles in the N2 category .
Jalin Wood is a beauty queen from Waynesboro, Mississippi, who has competed in the Miss America pageant and competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Embu is a town located approximately 120 kilometres northeast of Nairobi towards Mount Kenya .
The Central Province is one of the provinces of Solomon Islands, covering the Russell Islands, Nggela Islands and Savo Island .
Burndy LLC is a manufacturer of connectors, fittings and tools for electrical utilities, commercial, industrial, and maintenance companies .
Golconda, also known as Golkonda or Golla konda , is situated 11 km west of Hyderabad, Telangana .
Hidalgo who arrived in the 19th century, a few self-proclaimed Italian descendants, and a small Jewish enclave which claims to be descended from Sephardi Jews which came to New Spain in the 16th century .
Alstom Wind, formerly Alstom Ecotècnia is the wind power company of energy infrastructure company Alstom, within its 'Power' operating division .
Ithaca Intersystems was a microcomputer manufacturer in the 1970s and 1980s, located in Ithaca, New York .
Hershey Creamery Company, also known as Hershey's Ice Cream, is a creamery that produces Hershey's brand ice cream, sorbet, sherbet, and frozen yogurt, and other frozen treats such as smoothies and frozen slab style ice cream mixers .
Simon Alexander Neil is a Scottish vocalist, guitarist, and songwriter, known for his work in the bands Biffy Clyro and Marmaduke Duke .
China Southern Power Grid Company Limited is one of the two state-owned enterprises established in 2002 according to the precept to reform the power system promulgated by the State Council of the People's Republic of China, the other being State Grid Corporation of China .
The Public Utility Transport Corporation , which is a deal affording African's meaningful participation in the transport industry .
Gary Hall, also known as Shequida Hall or mononymously as Shequida, is a classically trained opera singer, songwriter, playwright, and drag artist, born in Jamaica .
William Blair & Company is privately held employee-owned financial services firm that provides investment banking, equity research, brokerage, asset management and private capital services .
Intracom is a Greek group of companies, specialising in computer and defence system software development, as well as development and manufacture of telecommunications and defence equipment and electronics .
Bob Delaney for four years before being selected by scouts to officiate in the NBA, beginning in 1987 .
Budcat Creations was a video game developer based in Iowa City, Iowa, United States and was a wholly owned subsidiary of Activision, though they formerly had partnerships with Electronic Arts and Majesco .
Zade Dirani , is a Jordanian and American pianist and composer whose genre blending songs are inspired by Arabic, Latin, pop, and classical music .
Scott Political is a Minneapolis, Minnesota-based nonpartisan political consulting and advertising firm founded by Scott Perreault in 2001 .
Mika Newton , born on 5 March 1986, is a Ukrainian singer and actress from the city of Burshtyn .
Yiolanda ""Yolly"" Koppel is a television presenter with many years experience presenting for Carlton Television, CITV and Nickelodeon, with her friend Mounya Khamlichi .
Rices Nachmans was a department store chain that operated eight stores in the Tidewater region of Virginia .
Uni-Systems, LLC is a design, construction, and consultation engineering firm located in Minneapolis, Minnesota specializing in kinetic architecture, or movable, mechanized structures designed to adapt to individual structures’ needs .
William Henry Perrins was a drug-store chemist who formed a partnership in 1823 with John Wheeley Lea .
Zlatko Junuzović is an Austrian footballer playing for SV Werder Bremen and the Austrian national team .
The German Empire , the young Emperor Wilhelm II engaged in increasingly reckless foreign policies that left the Empire isolated .
Jacksonville Civic Council is a non-partisan group of prominent Jacksonville, Florida business leaders whose goal is to help resolve community issues by studying a problem, proposing one or more solutions, advocating for change, and providing resources and support .
Frank Cignetti is an American football coach who is currently the offensive coordinator for the NFL St .
Global Research & Analytics - Irevna is an offshoring company based in India operating in the Financial Research & Analytics segment of the Knowledge Process Outsourcing , Coalition, a premium product based company, was formed in 2002 and reported 2011 revenues of GBP 8 million .
Red Chillies Entertainment is an Indian motion picture production and distribution company, based in Mumbai .
Lycopolis and Lykopolis redirect here; for the ancient city bearing those names located in the delta of the Nile, see Lycopolis is the capital of the modern Asyut Governorate in Egypt; the ancient city of the same name is situated nearby .
Meprolight is an Israeli company, headquartered in Or Akiva, Israel, that develops and manufactures a wide range of optical and electro-optical sights and devices, thermal sights, night vision devices, and a wide range of night sights and tritium and LED illuminated products for security and safety applications, for the military, law enforcement and civilian sectors .
Ancient Egypt was a civilization of ancient Northeastern Africa, concentrated along the lower reaches of the Nile River in what is now the modern country of Egypt .
The Pontificia Fonderia Marinelli is the successor of a bell foundry already at work in Agnone, Italy in 1040 .
The Midlands Collegiate Athletic Conference is a college athletic conference that competes in National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics .
Yoko Minamino is a Japanese idol, singer, and actress born on June 23, 1967 in Itami, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan .
Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty .
The Illinois Policy Institute charitable organization, IPI is independent and not affiliated with any political party .
James Francis Barker was the second president of the Rochester Athenæum and Mechanics Institute, succeeding Carleton B .
Zarząd Transportu Miejskiego Szybka Kolej Miejskaas well as three private companies providing bus service: PKS Grodzisk Mazowiecki, ITS Michalczewski and Mobilis .
Andrew James Constance MP , an Australian politician, is the Treasurer of New South Wales since April 2014; and the Minister for Industrial Relations since May 2014 in the Baird government .
ŽIA valda is Lithuanian investment company pursuing projects of higher profit margin, usually, by establishing and consistently developing a new business unit, by consolidating companies of one business sector into one larger company or by acquiring a business which has growth potential but requires substantial reorganization .
Foodarama, also known as Cox's Foodarama, is a supermarket chain in Texas, with its headquarters in Foodarama Store #1 in Brays Oaks, Houston .
George Perris is an international pop singer with classical training of Greek and French origin .
Terence ""Terry"" John Skiverton is a former English footballer who enjoyed a long playing career at Yeovil Town for 11 years, appearing 382 times in all competitions, before becoming their manager and subsequently, assistant manager, and then manager again .
Digital audio cassette formats introduced to the professional audio and consumer markets:Digital Audio Tape and then recording this to magnetic tape .
The Most Serene Republic of Genoa , along with Venice, Pisa, and Amalfi and trade, shipbuilding and banking helped support one of the largest and most powerful navies in the Mediterranean .
Alela Diane Menig , known as Alela Diane, is an American singer-songwriter from Portland, Oregon .
The Kingdom of Rarotonga, named after the island of Rarotonga, was an independent kingdom established in the present-day Cook Islands in 1858 .
Jason Pearson is an American comic book writer/artist, known for his work on books such as Legion of Super-Heroes, The Dragon: Blood & Guts, Global Frequency, and his own creator-owned series, Body Bags .
Melissa de la Cruz is an American author, known for her work in young-adult fiction .
Frank Watson was a Republican member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 51st district from 1983 to 2009, and served as Senate Republican Leader before he resigned that position in late 2008 for health reasons .
Barry King is a British former Olympic decathlete who is now an author, corporate director, corporate board member and specialist in Olympic marketing and sports development .
ModelSheet Software LLC is a venture-funded software company focused on business analytics and based in Arlington, Massachusetts .
Annie Wersching is an American actress who is best known for her role as FBI special agent Renee Walker on the American television series 24 .
Island Savings, a division of First West Credit Union, is a member-owned financial institution based in British Columbia, Canada .
The Stade Region emerged in 1823 by an administrative reorganisation of the dominions of the Kingdom of Hanover, a sovereign state, whose then territory is almost completely part of today's German federal state of Lower Saxony .
Celton Manx Limited is a company that provides e-gaming products; its subsidiary SBOBET provides a platform for sports betting, live casino games, race betting and animated flash games .
Rick Remender is an American comic book writer and artist who resides in Portland, Oregon .
Farm Fresh To You is a subscription Community Supported Agriculture in Capay Valley in 1979 .
The Ajuran Sultanate , also spelled as the Ajuuraan Sultanate, and often simply as Ajuran, was a Somali Muslim empire that ruled over large parts of the Horn of Africa in the Middle Ages .
Movial is a privately held software engineering company focused on Internet enabled devices in consumer electronics and telecommunications industries .
Azizi Bank is the second largest commercial bank in Afghanistan, having almost 100 branches in Kabul and throughout the provinces of the country .
The Remix Dance Project is a South African contemporary dance company that ""brings together performers with physical disabilities and performers without"" .
The Coral Sea Islands Territory includes a group of small and mostly uninhabited tropical islands and reefs in the Coral Sea, northeast of Queensland, Australia .
Roger Faligot is a French journalist, who started working in Ireland in 1973 before working as freelance investigative journalist for British, Parisian or foreign newspapers and magazines that Frank Kitson's 1971 book, Low Intensity Operations: Subversion, Insurgency and Peacekeeping, considered as the ""Bible"" used by the British Army during the Troubles in Ireland quoted most of all Roger Trinquier, French theorist of counter-insurgency .
Bulgaria ; and has taken a seat at the UN Security Council three times .
The Lordship of Ireland was a period of feudal rule in Ireland between 1177 and 1542 under the King of England, styled as Lord of Ireland .
The Treaty of Greenville was signed on August 3, 1795, at Fort Greenville, now Greenville, Ohio; it followed negotiations after the Indian loss at the Battle of Fallen Timbers a year earlier .
Bermuda Radio is a weather radio station in Bermuda working under the Government of Bermuda .
Pingyuan was a former province of the People's Republic of China that existed between 1949 and 1952 .
Glasair Aviation USA, LLC is a Chinese-owned aircraft manufacturer based in Arlington, Washington that produces the Glasair and Sportsman 2+2 line of homebuilt aircraft .
In the history of the Low Countries, the Burgundian Netherlands were a number of Imperial and French fiefs ruled in personal union by the House of Valois-Burgundy and their Habsburg heirs in the period from 1384 to 1482 .
Domingo ""Sam"" Samudio , better known by his stage name Sam the Sham, is a retired American rock and roll singer .
Jeb Hensarling is an American politician who has served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas's 5th congressional district since 2003 .
Lazarus Long is a fictional character featured in a number of science fiction novels by Robert A .
Oni is a Portuguese telecommunications company and ICT integration, exclusively focused in corporations, public organisms and International telecommunications operators .
Brooke Elizabeth White is an American indie pop/folk-pop singer-songwriter and actress from Mesa, Arizona who was the fifth place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol .
Brian Stynes is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Dublin and now resides in Australia .
Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation is the largest provider of intercity bus transportation in the Indian state Rajasthan .
Tina Ann Amato is a classically trained vocalist from Long Island, New York who has had success on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play and Hot Dance Airplay charts .
Danishmend dynasty or Danishmendid was a Turkmen dynasty that ruled in north-central and eastern Anatolia in the 11th and 12th centuries .
Falck Renewables, a limited company, is an Italian renewable energy project developer with a UK-based subsidiary under the same name .
Franklin Electric , Monarch Pumps, Centrifugal pump lines from Pioneer Pump, CAL pumps, Western Pump, Schneider Motobombas, Denorco Pumps, and a controlling share of Vertical Pumps of Italy .
Ayetullah Bey was the founder and second Chairman of Türkiye Süper Ligi giant Fenerbahçe SK between 1908-09 .
The Confederate Monument in Lawrenceburg, Kentucky is an 8-foot-tall figure which was built in 1894 by the Kentucky Women's Monumental Association, a predecessor of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, an organization founded in that year .
Pskov, known at various times as the Principality of Pskov west-southwest of Great Novgorod .
The Gosport Ferry is a ferry service operating between Gosport pontoon and Portsmouth pontoon in Hampshire, southern England .
Ruanda-Urundi was a part of German East Africa under Belgian military occupation from 1916 to 1924 .
Kongo dia Nlaza was a little-known kingdom that existed to the east of the Kingdom of Kongo and was absorbed into Kongo in the late sixteenth century .
The Taifa of Baeza was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed only from 1224 to 1226 when it fell to the Christian Kingdom of Castile .
Aruba and is densely populated, with a total of 102,484 inhabitants at the 2010 Census .
Science Projects Limited is a company with charitable status founded by Stephen Pizzey in 1986 to aid public understanding of science through interactive exhibits .
The County of Virneburg was a territory of the Holy Roman Empire in the region of the Eifel in present-day Rhineland-Palatinate .
The Maya Rata, also known as the Kingdom of Dakkinadesa, was a medieval era Sinhalese kingdom located in Western part of Sri Lanka .
Tokelau is a territory of New Zealand in the South Pacific Ocean that consists of three tropical coral atolls and a population of approximately 1,400 .
Gholam-Hossein Elham is an Iranian politician who held several posts during the term of the former President Ahmedinejad .
GuideOne Insurance, is a niche market insurer based in West Des Moines, Iowa, and is one of the largest church insurers in the United States .
Melinda Marie Doolittle is an American singer who finished as the third place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
The Nagarakretagama or Nagarakrtagama, also known as Desawarnana, is an Old Javanese eulogy to Hayam Wuruk, a Javanese king and the fourth monarch of the Majapahit Empire .
John Eaves is a designer and illustrator best known for his work on the Star Trek franchise, starting with Star Trek V: The Final Frontier .
The Viceroyalty of Peru reduced the importance of Lima and shifted the lucrative Andean trade to Buenos Aires, while the fall of the mining and textile production accelerated the progressive decay of the Viceroyalty of Peru .
Vereinigte Bühnen Wien , or United Stages Vienna, is a musical production company based in Vienna, Austria which produced several own musicals that were very successful .
Glynis Sweeny is an American illustrator and caricaturist who is known for lampooning political and business figures in newspapers, newsweeklies, and consumer magazines .
The Chesapeake Western Railway is an intrastate railroad operating subsidiary of the Norfolk Southern Railway in west-central Virginia .
Not to be confused with Raigarh StateRajgarh State was a princely state in India during the British Raj .
Helge Arnold Fossmo is a pentecostal pastor sentenced to life imprisonment for solicitation of the Knutby murder in Sweden in 2004 .
Cyprotex is a preclinical discovery/development contract research organisation measuring and analysing the ADME and pharmacokinetic properties of potential new drugs .
Attic Books, one of Canada's largest used books and antiquarian independent bookstores is located in London, Ontario .
Mammoth Mountain Ski Area is a large ski resort located in Eastern California, along the east side of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the Inyo National Forest .
Baltic Ground Services is a regional group of aircraft ground handling companies proving a full range of ground handling and fueling services .
Lotharingia was a medieval successor kingdom of the Carolingian Empire, comprising the Low Countries, the western Rhineland, the lands today on the border between France and Germany, and what is now western Switzerland .
The Principality of Polotsk, also known as the Kingdom of Polotsk or the Duchy of Polotsk and others .
Marietta Confederate Cemetery is the largest Confederate cemetery South of Richmond and is located in Marietta GA .
Kinetico Incorporated manufactures and sells residential and commercial water treatment systems, including water softeners, reverse osmosis filtration systems, and other water filtration devices for residential and commercial use .
Iğdır Province is in Iğdır, but much of the land is a wide plain far below the mountain .
Mihail Shishkov is a Bulgarian musician, best known for his work with Ostava, Mariana Popova .
The Manchester Building Society is a building society, which has its head office in Manchester, England .
Neo is a township and town and capital of Yên Dũng District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
Bernie Siegel is an American writer and retired pediatric surgeon, who writes on the relationship between the patient and the healing process .
Juan Camilo Zúñiga Mosquera is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Serie A club Napoli and the Colombian national team .
Santiago del Estero , also called ""Santiago"", is a province of Argentina, located in the north of the country .
Magalie Vaé is the stage name of Magalie Bonneau, a French singer born on 6 January 1987 in Gonesse .
Kid Beyond is a singer, beat boxer and live looper based in the San Francisco area .
Parcom Web Hosting is an international web hosting company founded in 1997 in Seattle, WA USA .
talk is a Unix text chat program, originally allowing messaging only between the users logged on to one multi-user computer—but later extended to allow chat to users on other systems .
Pondicherry is a city, an urban agglomeration and a municipality in Pondicherry district in the Indian union territory of Puducherry .
Willis Stein & Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions for middle-market companies .
In Greek mythology, Hicetaon may refer to:Hicetaon, a son of King Laomedon of Troy, thus a brother of Priam and one of the Trojan elders .
The Taifa of Ronda was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in Moorish al-Andalus from 1039 to 1065 .
Clarence Howard ""Bud"" Webster appointed Webster Estates Liaison, placing him in charge of their Estates Project, which makes it possible for pubslishers to contact the agents or individuals who represent the literary estates of deceased science-fiction and fantasy writers so that material by those authors can be reprinted .
Music Reports is an American company that serves organizations seeking expertise and solutions in music rights licensing, administration, and royalty accounting .
Sigma AB is a group of companies carrying out consultancy operations within IT, information logistics, engineering services, technical R&D, industry and social structure .
Santiago de Querétaro , Kellogg's, Samsung Electronics, Daewoo, Colgate-Palmolive, General Electric, Michelin, Tetra Pak, Siemens Mexico, New Holland, ArvinMeritor, Autoliv, TRW Automotive, Tremec, Valeo Sylvania, Procter & Gamble, Nestlé, Pilgrim's Pride, Santander Bank's call center for Latin America, Mabe Mexico, Irizar, Scania, Hitachi, Kostal, Aernnova, Dana, Dow Chemical, Bose, Alpha Hilex, Saint-Gobain, Flex-N-Gate, and ThyssenKrupp, among others .
Pat Ramsey MLA is a Social Democratic and Labour Party politician from Derry, Northern Ireland .
KO PROPO is a manufacturer of radio control equipment and humanoid robot KHR-1, established in Tokyo, Japan in 1945 .
Kakha Bendukidze and was the author of liberal reforms that overhauled Georgia’s post-Soviet economy .
The Principality of Seborga is a self-proclaimed micronation of 14 km2 located in the northwestern Italian Province of Imperia in Liguria, near the French border, and about 35km from Monaco .
Redonda is an uninhabited Caribbean island which is politically part of Antigua and Barbuda, in the Leeward Islands, West Indies .
The Yari Film Group is an independent film company founded in 2002, and headed by producer Bob Yari, which deals in financing, production, acquisition, sales and distribution of theatrical feature films .
Greece has sent six entries to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, entering at the first contest 2003 .
Son Records was set up in 1998 by Alastair Nicholson , to provide an outlet for hip-hop coming out the UK, whether by established names or up and coming talent .
Brittany Ryan Swann is a beauty queen from Tyrone, Georgia who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The Italian Social Republic , several RSI ministers, and several other Italian Fascists were caught by partisans while attempting to flee .
HollyRod Foundation is a non-profit organization founded by actress Holly Robinson Peete and retired NFL quarterback Rodney Peete that provides ""medical, physical, and emotional support"" to individuals living with Parkinson's Disease as well as families of children with autism .
Distribution Select is a Canadian record and video distributor based in Montreal, Quebec in 1965 as Disques Select .
Kenny Rankin was an American pop and jazz singer and songwriter, originally from the Washington Heights neighborhood of New York City, New York .
Blake Ragsdale Van Leer was the fifth president of Georgia Institute of Technology from 1944 until his death .
Stada Arzneimittel AG is a pharmaceutical company based in Bad Vilbel, Germany which specializes in the production of generic and over-the-counter drugs .
Kashi Kicks is an American footwear company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that produces unique sneaker designs .
The Upper Oka Principalities is a term traditionally applied in Russian historiography to about a dozen tiny and ephemeral polities situated along the upper course of the Oka River at the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries .
Mark Ashton Lund , and was formerly the publisher of International Figure Skating Magazine from its inception in 1993 until 2004, when his company, Ashton International Media, Inc .
Ofonius Tigellinus, also known as Tigellinus Ofonius, Ophonius Tigellinus and Sophonius Tigellinus , was a prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard, known as the Praetorian Guard, from 62 until 68, during the reign of emperor Nero .
John Wayne Sace is a Filipino character actor and dancer who was once known as a teen idol .
Elżbieta Justyna Czyżewska was a Polish actress active in both Poland and the United States .
Bakkavor Group Limited a UK domiciled company is the ultimate parent company of Bakkavor Finance an international food manufacturing company specialising in fresh prepared foods .
Liongate Capital Management is a global investment management firm focused on creating and managing fund of hedge fund investments for institutional and private investors .
Sara Margery Fry was a British prison reformer as well as one of the first women to become a magistrate .
Nilla is a brand name owned by Nabisco that is most closely associated with its line of vanilla flavored, wafer-style cookies .
Colt Canada is a firearms manufacturer owned by United States based Colt and located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada .
for other uses see Ayadaw Ayadaw is a town and seat of Ayadaw Township in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar .
Bartlit Beck Herman Palenchar & Scott LLP is a Chicago and Denver-based law firm founded by Fred Bartlit, Jr .
The Vaucluse as the valley here ends in a cliff face from which emanates a spring whose origin is so far in and so deep that it remains to be defined .
See also Russophone and about 110 million people who speak Russian as a second language .
The Khedivate of Egypt was an autonomous tributary state of the Ottoman Empire, established and ruled by the Muhammad Ali Dynasty following the defeat and expulsion of Napoleon Bonaparte's forces which brought an end to the short-lived French occupation of Lower Egypt .
Rav Wilding is an English television presenter, whose former professions include security guard at Harrods, soldier, police officer and from June 2004 to December 2011 was a presenter on Crimewatch .
Chuck Logan is an author of crime drama and veteran of the Vietnam War, who lives with his wife and daughter in Stillwater, Minnesota .
Badra is a town in south eastern Iraq near the Iraqi-Iranian borders in Wasit Governorate .
Nuchoon was an online collective of artists and producers focusing on quality electronic dance music in many flavours .
Leonard Ravenhill to compare itself to the early Christian Church as chronicled in the Book of Acts .
Jeralyn Elise Merritt is an American criminal defense attorney in private practice in Denver, Colorado, since 1974 .
Fatimah Omar Mahmoud Al-Najar was a 64-year-old Palestinian widow who blew herself up near Israeli troops sweeping through northern Gaza on 23 November 2006, wounding 4 Israeli soldiers .
William Lee ""Billy"" Turley is an English football goalkeeper who plays for Conference North side Brackley Town .
Maxima Caesariensis was the name of one of the four provinces of later Roman Britain .
RRE Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on investments across several disciplines, including software, internet, mobile, financial services, environmental, and other related technologies, primarily within the United States, and especially in and around New York .
Еxtraphone - trademark of the Closed Joint Stock Corporation Rays Lis', is one of the most important players in the field of show-business in Russia .
The Colón Free Trade Zone is a large entity near the Atlantic entrance to the Panama Canal, dedicated to re-exporting a wide variety of merchandise to Latin America and the Caribbean .
Sporus of Nicaea was a Greek mathematician and astronomer, in province Bursa, in modern-day Turkey .
Apatow Productions is an American film and television production company founded by Judd Apatow in 1999 .
Nha Trang based on the approval of the Prime Minister of Vietnam in September 2012 .
Famous Smoke Shop is one of the largest cigar mail order businesses in the United States .
Termoelectrica is a Romanian state-owned company, its shares being held by the Ministry of Economy and Commerce which has as main objective power generation with thermal power plants .
Good conduct time, good time credit, or time off for good behavior is a sentence reduction given to prisoners who maintain good behavior while imprisoned .
Kazakhsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Qazax from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1929 by Soviet authorities .
Someoddpilot is primarily a visual communication agency and Someoddpilot Records is an independent record label that exists within the larger visual communication agency .
Control Module Industries is a company with headquarters in Enfield, Connecticut that develops and manufactures electronic and electromechanical equipment .
Arnhem , is a city and municipality, situated in the eastern part of the Netherlands .
Focal-JMlab is a French company, which has been designing and selling high-fidelity audio systems since the early 1980s .
Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo is a Polish state-controlled oil and natural gas company, which deals with the exploration and production of natural gas and crude oil, natural gas import, storage and distribution and sales of natural gas and crude oil .
Pestana Group is the largest Portuguese tourism and leisure group, its hotel chain PH&R , has 91 hotels and more than 10,700 rooms .
Gary Steven Waters is an American college basketball coach and the current head men's basketball coach at Cleveland State University .
Paul Shambroom is an American photographer and graduate from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design whose work explores power in its various forms .
The Culm Valley Light Railway was a standard gauge railway that operated in the English county of Devon .
Sovkomflot is a Russian maritime shipping company specializing in petroleum and LNG shipping, a 100% state-owned corporation founded in 1995 .
The Kontagora Emirate is a traditional state with the capital city of Kontagora, Niger State, Nigeria .
Monitronics International was founded in 1994 and is one of the two largest security alarm monitoring companies in the United States .
Hanna Tuulikki is a Finnish-English vocalist, musician and artist, born in Sussex, who is involved in the Nalle and Scatter musical projects, and has also contributed to the One Ensemble of Daniel Padden .
Vistaprint is an online supplier of printed and promotional material and marketing services to micro businesses and consumers, specializing in print on demand products .
Exploits Valley Air Services, also known as EVAS or EVAS Air, is a Canadian aviation services company, based in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador .
Seán MacManus is an Irish Sinn Féin politician, and was the national chairperson of the party from 1984 to 1990 .
Georgette Heyer to write more commercially successful works, Heyer eventually created a limited liability company to administer the rights to her novels .
Industria was a multinational company with a focus on fibre to the home solutions and systems integration .
Annie Marie Chandler , is a fictional character on ABC's daytime drama All My Children .
Arnór Smárason is an Icelandic footballer who primarily plays as secondary striker for Allsvenskan side Helsingborgs IF, though he can also play as a winger .
Djibouti allowed it to quickly supersede Zeila as the port for southern Ethiopia and the Ogaden .
The company ABUS, or August Bremicker Söhne KG, based in Wetter-Volmarstein, is a German manufacturer of preventative security technology .
Tristan da Cunha , colloquially Tristan, is both a remote group of volcanic islands in the south Atlantic Ocean and the main island of that group .
Fox Sports Kansas City is an American regional sports network serving the Kansas City region and surrounding areas in parts of Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska, and Iowa that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
The Babylon Rail Road was a horsecar line in Babylon Village, New York, later converted to a trolley line .
John Creamer & Stephane K are international DJs, and as a duo, a New York City-based electronic music and house music production team .
This article is about the erstwhile vassal feudal city-state in Zamorin Malabar, for the town of the same name, see Kottayam-Malabar, for Kottayam city in central Kerala see Kottayam .
Muhammed Fethullah Gülen version of Islam, deriving from Sunni Muslim scholar Said Nursî's teachings .
Pyramid Productions is a large independent Canadian television series producer with multiple series in production and more than 20 on the air around the world .
The Provincias Internas also known as Captaincy General of Internal Provinces or Commandancy General of the Internal Provinces of the North and Texas .
Shery , her first album, was released in January 2008 after two and a half years of production .
Amundi is a subsidiary jointly created by Crédit Agricole to regroup their activities of asset management .
Janina Maria Irizarry Nazario is a Puerto Rican singer more known for being the winner of the first season of Objetivo Fama, a singing talent contest held in Puerto Rico .
Lomé, with a population of 837,437 , is the capital and largest city of Togo .
Suara , is a female Japanese singer working under the label of FIX Records, distributed by King Records .
Aoife Mulholland in Chicago, at the Cambridge Theatre and for 18 months as Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music at the London Palladium; and as Brooke Wyndham in Legally Blonde at the Savoy Theatre .
GamersGate AB is a Sweden-based online video game store offering electronic strategy guides and games for Windows, OS X, and Linux via direct download .
The Territory of the Cocos Islands, also called Cocos Islands and Keeling Islands, is a territory of Australia, located in the Indian Ocean, southwest of Christmas Island and approximately midway between Australia and Sri Lanka .
MediaPro Pictures is the largest film and TV production company in Romania, part of MediaPro Entertainment along with other production units from Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovakia, Slovenia and Bulgaria .
Develothon is a developer skill marathon aimed at helping the software developer community in India develop skills in newer technology areas .
Triple Vision Record Distribution is a Dutch record distributor that handles releases for over 150 record labels .
Altimo is the telecoms investment arm of Russia's Alfa Group Consortium, controlled by Russian oligarch Mikhail Fridman .
GospoCentric Records is an Inglewood, California based Gospel music record label started as an independent label by Vicki Mack Lataillade and Claude Lataillade in 1993 .
Stagecoach Group plc is an international transport group operating buses, trains, trams, express coaches and ferries .
Michael Hissey is an Australian musician, teacher and conductor who has for ten years been the Musical Director of St Mary's Singers at St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney .
In the United States, federal mandates are orders that induce ""responsibility, action, procedure or anything else that is imposed by constitutional, administrative, executive, or judicial action"" for state and local governments and/or the private sector .
General Digital is a United States government registered small business located in South Windsor, Connecticut that was founded in 1973 .
Christina Stead was an Australian novelist and short-story writer acclaimed for her satirical wit and penetrating psychological characterisations .
Chợ Vàm is an urban municipality and capital town of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province, Vietnam .
Standard Chartered Ghana is a banking and financial services company in Ghana, and an 80% subsidiary of Standard Chartered .
The Marketing Practice is a UK business-to-business for discussing B2B marketing best practice, which was Highly Commended in the Best Live Initiative category at the 2010 B2B Marketing Awards .
Daniel Sylvester Battagline, also known as Sylvester The Jester , is an American magician, best known for playing a cartoon character who comes to life .
Čakovečki mlinovi and is one of the 25 companies included in its official share index CROBEX as of September 2010 .
Tarsier Studios is an independent development studio working with SCE Worldwide Studios on first party projects .
Markus Fagervall won Idol 2006, the third season of the Swedish version of Pop Idol .
Bennard Yao Kumordzi is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who currently plays for KRC Genk in Belgium and the Ghana national team as a midfielder .
The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was a duchy in northern Germany created in 1701, when Frederick William and Adolphus Frederick II divided the Duchy of Mecklenburg between Schwerin and Strelitz .
Fractal Records is an independent French label created in September 1994, eclectic, focused on rock music, jazz, psychedelic, modern, avant-garde, free, punk, experimental, and especially that of Japan .
Hjörtur Logi Valgarðsson is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a defender for Swedish club Örebro SK .
The Scottish Futures Trust is a public corporation of the Scottish Government, established in September 2008 to improve public infrastructure investment .
Bigstock is an online royalty free, international microstock photography website that sells images via a credit-based system .
Beaver Island is the largest island in Lake Michigan and part of the Beaver Island archipelago .
Siri Fort, in the city of New Delhi, was built during the rule of Ala-ud-Din Khalji of the Delhi Sultanate to defend the city from the onslaught of the Mongols .
Kpengla was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1774 until 1789 .
Madrid containing some of Spain's historical archives; a large number of national museums, and the Golden Triangle of Art, located along the Paseo del Prado and comprising three art museums: Prado Museum, the Reina Sofía Museum, a museum of modern art, and the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, which completes the shortcomings of the other two museums .
Guy Christopher Mutton, also known as Mutto , is an Australian singer, a Top 12 contestant in the fourth season of Australian Idol and lead singer of the Gold Coast–based rock band, Soulframe .
Generali Deutschland Holding AG is a German holding company consisting of about 20 insurance companies .
Credit Information Bureau and credit scores which are provided to credit institutions in order to help evaluate and approve loan applications .
Eric Newman , better known by his stage name Stagga Lee, is an American rapper from Yonkers, New York .
AnyJunk is an on demand rubbish clearance company established in October 2004 by ex-investment banker Jason Mohr, with help from a London environmental consultancy London Remade .
Tamil Nadu in India, compared to the population share of about 6 per cent .
Abu Al-Khaseeb, sometimes spelled Abu Al-Khasib, is a town in the Basrah Governorate of Iraq south of Basra .
Sony Pictures Digital , Seth Green's Stoopid Monkey production company, Williams Street, and Cartoon Network for the show, Robot ChickenIts visual effects division Sony Pictures Imageworks provides visual effects for films produced not only by Columbia TriStar Pictures but also by other non-SPE studios .
Lonely Astronaut is a record label founded by musician Joseph Arthur, his long-time professional partner Lauren Pattenaude, and Eric Gerber .
Tero Civill is a Finnish DJ and composer of music for records, theater and television .
Alisha Sufit of an English mother and Polish Jewish father, is best known as the singer-songwriter with the 1970s band Magic Carpet .
Caesar Meadows is an American cartoonist who has published the monthly comic strip Mumbeaux Gumbo in the New Orleans magazine Where Y'at since August 2001 .
Stephen John Gumley, AO was the first Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Defence Materiel Organisation, serving in the role from February 2004 to July 2011 .
The Big Sandy Area Development District is a regional planning and development organization that focuses on economic and community development; community services; aging and disability services; and housing services for a five county region in Eastern Kentucky .
SingShot Media was initially a social networking song-sharing platform, headquartered in San Francisco, CA, United States .
Brynwood Partners is an American private equity investment firm focused on leveraged buyout and other control investments .
Winzler & Kelly was an engineering and environmental services firm based in Santa Rosa, CA, with offices in California, Oregon, Washington, Guam, and Saipan .
Barbara Keiler , known more widely by her pseudonym Judith Arnold, is a best-selling American author of crime fiction and over eighty-five romance novels .
Lauren Paige Nelson is a beauty queen from Lawton, Oklahoma who holds the Miss America 2007 title .
El Shaddai Records is an independent record label founded in late 2006 and based in Melbourne, Australia .
Júlio César de Souza Santos or simply Júlio César is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Nautico in the Brazilian Série B .
Muaro Sijunjung is a town or Sub-district in Sijunjung Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Sijunjung Regency .
Tegbessou , but was selected after Agaja's death to be the king after winning a succession struggle with a brother .
Kateri Akiwenzie-Damm is an Anishinaabe writer of mixed ancestry from the Chippewas of Nawash First Nation .
Free Mobile is a French mobile broadband company, part of the Iliad group, that provides wireless services to 9 million subscribers as of August 2014 .
Aleksei Sergeyevich Ionov is an association footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Dynamo Moscow .
Evraz Claymont Steel Holdings, Inc is a steel mill located in Claymont, Delaware specializing in the manufacture of custom-order discrete steel plate out of scrapped steel .
Pythias , also known as Pythias the Elder, was a Greek biologist and embryologist .
The Jewish Channel is a cable television channel available on Comcast, iO Optimum Cablevision, Time Warner Cable, Verizon FiOS, RCN, Frontier Communications, Bright House Networks, and Cox Cable .
The official language of Ukraine is Ukrainian, an East Slavic language which is the native language of 65% of Ukraine's population .
Les Ailes de la Mode is a Quebec clothing retail store chain currently consisting of three department stores, two warehouses and one boutique .
Espérance-Longdoz was a coal mining and steel production company located in the Liege region of Belgium .
The Wisconsin Northern Railroad of railroad in northern Wisconsin and began operations on November 29, 2004 .
Cool Calm Pete is a Korean American rapper and producer with a sometimes hypnotically slow, lazy-sounding rapping style .
James Singleton is an acoustic bassist, composer, and producer with an intimate and extensive affiliation with the New Orleans music scene .
Hubert Laws is an American flutist and saxophonist with a career spanning over 40 years in jazz, classical, and other music genres .
Étienne Mattler where he won two Ligue 1 titles in 1935 and 1938 and one Coupe de France in 1937 .
The Provisional Priamurye Government existed in the Siberian region of Priamurye, Russia, between May 27, 1921 and October 25, 1922 .
Michelle Eunjoo Park Steel is a member of the Orange County Board of Supervisors Orange County Board of Supervisors and the former Vice Chair of the California Board of Equalization, the Republican member representing the Board's 3rd District .
Southern Skyways is a virtual airline , which markets air travel branding and is based in Atlanta, Georgia, USA .
Universal Audio was a designer and manufacturer of recording, mixing and audio signal processing hardware for the professional recording studio, live sound and broadcasting fields .
The Mari Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was the successor to the Mari Autonomous Oblast .
Softron is a Canadian tax preparation company headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and was founded in 1982 .
Janos Békessy, better known under his pen name Hans Habe was an Hungarian-Austrian writer and newspaper publisher .
San Theodoros is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
The Bishopric of Münster was an ecclesiastical principality in the Holy Roman Empire, located in the northern part of today's North Rhine-Westphalia and western Lower Saxony .
Blas Cantó , he is a Spanish singer who took part in the Spanish preselection for the Junior Eurovision 2004 .
The Middle Marches, also known as Mittelmarchthe, are a fictional land found in the Von Bek series of novels written by Michael Moorcock .
Wissotzky Tea is an international, family-owned tea company based in Israel with offices in London and the United States .
Western Australia , and the second-largest country subdivision in the world – however, a significant part of it is sparsely populated .
Accra is the capital and largest city of Ghana, with an estimated urban population of 2 .
Rotterdam , a channel in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse on the North Sea .
Ragnhild Westgaard Sigland , or mostly known by her stage name Nell Sigland, is a Norwegian singer from Hamar, best known as the lead vocalist of Norwegian Gothic metal band Theatre of Tragedy as a replacement for Liv Kristine, from June 3, 2004 to October 2, 2010 .
The Ocean City Life-Saving Station is located on the Boardwalk at the Inlet, Ocean City, Maryland, United States .
The Free Imperial City of Besançon was a self-governing city that was part of the Holy Roman Empire .
Andreas Tomalla, better known by his stage name Talla 2XLC, is an electronic music producer and DJ whose work has spanned from industrial music to trance music .
Centricity Music is an American record label founded in Washington with artists in contemporary Christian music .
Silent Sam is a statue of a Confederate soldier by John Wilson on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The Province of the Cape of Good Hope was a province in the Union of South Africa and subsequently the Republic of South Africa .
Jyongri is a Japanese pop singer of Korean ancestry currently signed with EMI Music Japan .
Triago is a leading global placement agent, specializing in raising capital for private equity investment firms from a range of institutional investors .
Boris Blank is a Swiss artist and musician known for for his work in the musical duo Yello with Dieter Meier .
Nutrisystem, headquartered in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, is a commercial provider of weight loss products and services .
Nump Trump, is a Filipino American hip hop artist best known for his single, ""I Gott Grapes"" featuring E-40 and The Federation produced by D1 of the Knockaholicks .
William Edwards Deming and his system of thought he called the System of Profound Knowledge .
Gabrielle Christian is an American actress and singer best known for her portrayal of Spencer Carlin in The N original series South of Nowhere, and her portrayal of Colby Robson in the web series Girltrash! and its musical prequel film Girltrash!: All Night Long .
Jack 'Perko' Perkins is an Australian V8 Supercar driver for Charlie Schwerkolt Racing in the International V8 Supercars Championship .
Punjab State Power Corporation Limited is the electricity generating company of the Government of Punjab state in India .
The town of Schwyz is the capital of the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland .
K Francis George was a Member of the Indian Parliament which is a constituent of the governing Left Democratic Front in the South Indian state of Kerala .
Rebecca ""BECCA"" Emily Hollcraft or simply as Bec Hollcraft is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist .
Frederick Albert ""Fred"" Travalena III was an American entertainer, specializing in comedy and impressions .
Haywood Patrick Swygert was the president of Howard University in Washington, DC from 1995 until 2008 .
Titan Motorcycle Company is an American motorcycle manufacturer that was founded in 1995 in Phoenix, Arizona and was the first custom motorcycle company to produce in volume .
Jamie Robert Murray is a British tennis player who specialises in doubles and is Britain's no .
T-Online, a former subsidiary and now business unit of Deutsche Telekom, is the biggest internet service provider in Germany .
Princeton is a municipality with a borough form of government in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, that was established in its current form on January 1, 2013, through the consolidation of the Borough of Princeton and Princeton Township .
Subterranean fiction is a subgenre of adventure fiction which focuses on underground settings, sometimes at the center of the Earth or otherwise deep below the surface .
Bajram Fetai is a Macedonian footballer of Albanian ethnicity, who currently plays for the Danish football club FC Roskilde .
Plastic Wax Studios is a visual effects, 3D art, animation and production studio specializing in content for videogames, film and television .
HWW is an Australian based organisation that supplies television and movies metadata to a broad range of clients across new and traditional media including: online publishers, subscription television providers, IPTV providers, HbbTV providers and print publishers .
Nordea Bank AB, commonly referred to as Nordea, is a Nordic-based financial services group operating in Northern Europe .
Zimbabwe , officially the Republic of Zimbabwe, is a landlocked country located in southern Africa, between the Zambezi and Limpopo rivers .
Path Solutions is a software company for the banking industry with specialized coverage for Islamic financing and investment banking .
Serge Ognadon Akakpo is a Togolese footballer who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club FC Hoverla Uzhhorod .
The Manfred Wörner Foundation is a Bulgarian not-for-profit non-governmental organization established on 20 October 1994, and registered in 1996 .
Kathryn Elizabeth Minner , sometimes credited as Katherine Minner, was an elderly grandmother and character actress who specialized in playing ""little old ladies"" in movies, on various television shows, and in a series of television commercials for Southern California Dodge dealers .
Managed for almost 10 years by We@Service, the internet services company for BPM Group, Webank became on 1st November 2009 an indipendent bank .
Pickled Egg Records is a UK independent record label founded in Leicester in 1998 by Nigel Turner .
The Kingdom of Hawaii was established in 1795 with the subjugation of the smaller independent chiefdoms of Oʻahu, Maui, Molokaʻi, and Lānaʻi into one government .
For Madaya in Syria, see: Madaya, SyriaMadaya is a town in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar .
Aaron Lopresti is an American comic book artist who has worked for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, and Image Comics .
American patriotism refers to patriotism involving cultural attachment of Americans to the United States as their homeland .
Sheila Elizabeth Nicholls is a British singer-songwriter, now residing in Echo Park, Los Angeles, California .
Saint-Louis, or Ndar as it is called in Wolof, is the capital of Senegal's Saint-Louis Region .
The Voies Ferrées Locales et Industrielles is a French freight rail company, a subsidiary of SNCF in the SNCF Geodis logistics group .
John Haughm is a heavy metal musician and an artist from the United States .
Ali Fathollahzadeh is an Iranian businessman and football administrator, who was the chairman of the Esteghlal FC from 1996 until 2014 .
Julius Berger Nigeria Plc is a Nigerian construction company, headquartered in Abuja FCT, with additional permanent locations in Lagos and Uyo .
Mong Ton, also known historically as Möngtung and Maington, is a town and seat of Mong Tong Township in Mong Hsat District, Shan State in eastern Myanmar near the border with Thailand .
The News Agency of the Slovak Republic is a Slovak news agency founded on 30 January 1992 .
Arwel Wyn Richards is a businessman and columnist contributing articles on cars and style .
Best Western GB claims to be the largest independently owned and managed hotel chain in Great Britain and the Channel Islands with over 280 two, three and four star properties .
Guotai Junan Futures , and the key service of Guotai Junan Futures is to help QFII to invest in index Futures market in China .
Sybrandus Johannes Andreas ""Sieb"" Dijkstra is a former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
The Compañía de Radio-Televisión de Galicia is the public broadcaster for the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain .
Courtney Halverson is an American actress who has appeared in various films and television shows .
Sista Bussen is a Swedish record company founded in the early 1978 in Stockholm with a Gothenburg branch .
Ballarpur Industries Limited , which runs BILT's farm forestry programme in several states in India .
Al Buraimi is a governorate of Oman which was split from the Ad Dhahirah Region .
Allen Press is a printer and publisher of scientific, academic and scholarly journals as well as commercial trade publications .
Angelina Sandoval-Gutierrez is a Filipino jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2000 to 2008 .
Unfiltered Records is an American independent record label based in New York City, owned by producer, singer-songwriter and musical entrepreneur Andy Chase .
Madhya Bharat to the southwest, Rajasthan to the northeast, Uttar Pradesh to the north, Uttar Pradesh and Vindhya Pradesh to the east, and Bhopal State and Madhya Pradesh to the southeast .
Belarc develops and licenses Internet based products which help make personal computers easier to use and maintain by large enterprises, small businesses and individual consumers .
In Greek mythology, Dascylus or Daskylos ; Otreus was killed while travelling to Troy to sue for the hand of King Laomedon's daughter Hesione in marriage .
The Taichung Bank ' National Short-term rating, 'bb+' Individual rating, '5' Support rating and 'NF' Support Rating Floor .
Mochudi is one of the larger villages in Botswana with a population of 44,815 people in 2011 .
Şahinler Holding is Turkey’s largest fashion and integrated textile group and it is also the 18th largest textile company in the world and the 3rd largest in Europe .
Rajahnate of Cebu was a historical Philippine state on the island of Cebu prior to the arrival of the Spaniards .
Alexandra Kelly is the founder and former managing director of UK pre-employment screening company, Powerchex, and formally the MD of HireRight's background screening operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa .
The Roman Empire was the post-Republican period of the ancient Roman civilization, characterized by government headed by emperors, and large territorial holdings around the Mediterranean Sea in Europe, Africa, and Asia .
Olinda Joy Elisabeth Castielle is a Swedish television personality who was a contestant on the American reality show Joe Millionaire and the first season of the Swedish version of Paradise Hotel .
Nelly Miricioiu is a Romanian-British operatic soprano singing a large repertoire ranging from bel canto to verismo .
Ruth Gruber is an American journalist, photographer, writer, humanitarian and a former United States government official .
Kalewa is a town at the confluence of the Chindwin River and the Myittha River in Kale District, Sagaing Division of northwestern Burma .
Sellar Property Group is a British property group notable for its project Shard London Bridge, built in London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom .
The Australian Association of Graduate Employers , a global organisation that allows its members to network and share best practice in the field of graduate recruitment .
The Greco-Bactrian Kingdom was – along with the Indo-Greek Kingdom – the easternmost part of the Hellenistic world, covering Bactria and Sogdiana in Central Asia from 250 to 125 BC .
Spin states when describing transition metal coordination complexes refers to the potential spin configurations of the metal center's d electrons .
Avion Express is a Lithuanian – European Union Airline that specializes in providing capacity to other airlines under the ACMI concept .
San Pedro Partido is a partido located in the north of the Argentine province of Buenos Aires, whose capital city is San Pedro .
Gary Giddins is an American jazz critic, author, and director, best known for his longtime work with The Village Voice .
Oskars Kalpaks was the commander of 1st Latvian Independent Battalion, also known as ""Kalpaks Battalion"" .
GZI Transport Limited is a transport company engaged in the management of toll roads of expressways and national highways in Guangdong, China .
Bauchi is a city in northeast Nigeria, the capital of Bauchi State, of the Bauchi Local Government Area within that State, and of the traditional Bauchi Emirate .
Yanagisawa Wind Instruments is a Japanese woodwind company known for its range of professional grade saxophones .
Arrelious Markus Benn is an American football wide receiver and return specialist who plays for the Jacksonville Jaguars .
Taquan Air is the operating name for Venture Travel, LLC, an American regional airline headquartered in Ketchikan, a city in the southeastern portion of the U .
Dániel Németh is a Hungarian photographer who won in the Travel/Culture category of the National Geographic International Photography Contest 2006 .
San Luis Potosí, commonly called SLP or simply San Luis, is the capital of, and most populous city in the Mexican state of San Luis Potosí .
Stuart Reardon is an English fitness model and professional rugby league footballer who is currently playing for North Wales Crusaders .
Alamannia or Alemannia was the territory inhabited by the Germanic Alemanni after they broke through the Roman limes in 213 .
Cary Hudson is the lead singer, guitarist and main songwriter of the alternative country/Southern rock band Blue Mountain .
Dorothy Dietrich is an American stage magician and escapologist, and the first and only woman to have performed the bullet catch in her mouth .
Holt McCallany is an American actor, writer, and producer working primarily in film and television .
The United Monarchy is the name given to the Israelite kingdom of Israel and Judah, during the reigns of Saul, David and Solomon, known primarily from the Hebrew Bible .
Curtis Cross , better known by his stage name Black Milk, is a hip hop producer and MC from Detroit, Michigan .
Botany Mills was a Passaic, New Jersey based manufacturer of textiles, which was organized in 1887 .
The Federal Republic of Central America In the 1830s, an additional sixth state was added – Los Altos, with its capital in Quetzaltenango – occupying parts of what are now the western highlands of Guatemala and Chiapas state in southern Mexico .
Joan Johnston is a best-selling American author of over forty contemporary and historical romance novels .
Elizabeth Shilin Spelke is an American cognitive psychologist at the Department of Psychology of Harvard University and director of the Laboratory for Developmental Studies .
The Rede Ferroviária Federal, Sociedade Anônima , creating a regional system composed of 22 railroads .
Jim Blasingame is an American small business expert, radio talk show host, author, syndicated columnist, keynote speaker, and president of Small Business Network, Inc .
Jankent was a large trading center on the caravan route from Central Kazakhstan to Horezm and Itil regions .
Jan Töve , was published in 1996 and depicts various seasonal changes in the nature .
StarKid Productions, also known as Team StarKid, is a Chicago-based musical theatre company founded in 2009 at the University of Michigan by Darren Criss, Brian Holden, Matt Lang, and Nick Lang .
David Alan Friedman is a film and theatre composer, songwriter, author, lyricist and conductor based in New York City .
Emeril John Lagasse is an American celebrity chef, restaurateur, television personality, and cookbook author .
The Duchy of Saxe-Merseburg was a territory of the Holy Roman Empire, with Merseburg as its capital .
Venky's Limited is a subsidiary of V H Group, an Indian company that specialises in chicken meat processing, and pharmaceutical products for both poultry and human usage .
Jewson is one of the largest chains of British general builders' merchants, selling to small and medium building contractors and the general public with over 600 branches across the country .
The Federation of Arab Republics , which was a single sovereign state uniting Egypt and Syria .
Biak is a small island located in Cenderawasih Bay near the northern coast of Papua, an Indonesian province, and is just northwest of New Guinea .
Phủ Thông is a township and capital town of Bạch Thông District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam .
Sümer Tilmaç where he and his wife serves local Cuisine along with local arts to visitors .
ANCA Pty Ltd tool and cutter grinders to meet large-scale manufacturing and entry-level production requirements .
Circa Enterprises, operating as Circa, manufactures and sells outdoor enclosures, electrical equipment, and other goods to customers in the telecommunications, electrical, and construction industries .
Zach Gill is a multi instrumentalist member of the rock band ALO and a member of Jack Johnson's band .
The Paper Province is a business cluster for the pulp and paper industry in Värmland, northern Dalsland and the county of Örebro in central Sweden .
The County of Pallars or Pallás was a de facto independent petty state, nominally within the Carolingian Empire and then West Francia during the ninth and tenth centuries, perhaps one of the Catalan counties, originally part of the Marca Hispanica in the ninth century .
José Carlos Santos da Silva, known as Zé Carlos , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward .
Sarilamak is a town or Sub-district in Limapuluh Koto Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Limapuluh Koto Regency .
The Inca Empire , also known as the Inka Empire or Incan Empire, was the largest empire in pre-Columbian America .
Apsmart is a London-based mobile innovation company who work with startups and established brands that are looking to drive innovation via unique mobile solutions .
Noble Studios is a full-service digital agency led by Jarrod Lopiccolo, Season Lopiccolo, and Michael Thomas .
ROOT SPORTS Northwest is an American regional sports network serving the states of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska .
On July 26, 2002, John Negroponte, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, stated have stated that for any resolution to go forward, the United States, which has a veto in the 15-nation council, would expect it to have the following four elements:A strong and explicit condemnation of all terrorism and incitement to terrorism;A condemnation by name of the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigade, Islamic Jihad and Hamas, groups that have claimed responsibility for suicide attacks on Israel;An appeal to all parties for a political settlement of the crisis;A demand for improvement of the security situation as a condition for any call for a withdrawal of Israeli armed forces to positions they held before the September 2000 start of the Second intifada .
Pauline Taylor is a British female recording artist, who came to recognition as the lead vocalist on the singles ""Love Love Love, Here I Come"" by Rollo Goes Mystic, and ""Let This Be A Prayer"" by Rollo Goes Spiritual .
Mission Foods, a subsidiary of Gruma Corporation, is an American manufacturer of tortillas and tortilla-related products based in Irving, Texas .
HAWE Hydraulik SE produces hydraulic components and systems, with one consistent feature being that all pressurized components are made from steel .
Belarus has been participating in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest since 2003, prior to participating in the Eurovision Song Contest the following year .
First Business Bank, also known as FBBank, was a commercial bank that offered financial services to individuals, professionals and businesses in Greece .
Mecklenburg-Güstrow was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in Northern Germany, that existed on three separate occasions ruled by the House of Mecklenburg at Güstrow .
Rupert's Land, or Prince Rupert's Land, was a territory in British North America, consisting the Hudson Bay drainage basin, which was nominally owned by the Hudson's Bay Company for 200 years from 1670 to 1870, although numerous aboriginal groups lived in the same territory and disputed the sovereignty of the area .
On August 3, 1829, members of the Shawnee Indians and the Seneca Indians signed the Treaty of Lewistown with the United States .
An island country is a country whose primary territory consists of one or more islands or parts of islands .
Dow Jones & Company is an American publishing and financial information firm that has been owned by News Corp since 2007 .
The Taifa of Algeciras was a medieval taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain, that existed from 1035 to 1058 .
Yalova Province is a province in northwestern Turkey, on the eastern coast of the Sea of Marmara .
Media Rings Corporation was a Japanese music, video game, and software publishing company located in Akasaka, Tokyo .
Sanako is a technology company developing language teaching solutions, teaching and classroom management software, virtual learning and professional development solutions .
Giant Olive Theatre Company was founded in the summer of 2008 by Artistic Director George Sallis .
Associated Global Systems began business in 1958 operating as a domestic and international air freight forwarder .
Serbia first participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2006, having previously participated in 2005 as part of Serbia and Montenegro .
Oregon , Mount Hood is the state high point, and Crater Lake National Park is its only national park .
Nagpur Province was a province of British India that covered parts of present-day Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, and Chhattisgarh states .
Trust Merchant Bank or TMB, is an independent commercial bank based in the Democratic Republic of Congo , with its headquarters located in Lubumbashi .
Gondal is an imaginary world or paracosm created by Emily Brontë and Anne Brontë in their youth .
Aida Marianne Mollenkamp is a chef, television personality, and food writer from Manhattan Beach, California .
Manvel ""Manny"" Gamburyan is an Armenian mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Bantamweight division .
Jimmy Haslip is an American electric bass player and record producer best known as a founding but ex-member of the pioneering fusion group Yellowjackets .
Zambia Railways that interconnects with the ZR at Kapiri Mposhi and provides a link to the Tanzanian port of Dar es Salaam .
The Oklahoma Panhandle is the extreme western region of the state of Oklahoma, comprising Cimarron County, Texas County, and Beaver County, from west to east .
R&R Partners is an independently owned advertising, marketing, public relations, and public affairs firm best known for the ""What Happens Here, Stays Here"" campaign, which promotes tourism to Las Vegas .
Massachusetts , officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
iBall is a privately held Electronics company headquartered in Mumbai, India that imports computer peripherals, smartphones and tablets .
Douglas Crockford is an American computer programmer and entrepreneur who is best known for his ongoing involvement in the development of the JavaScript language, for having popularized the data format JSON .
TVS Television Guangdong formerly known as TVS Television Guangdong, Maidstone and Southampton and originally known as Southern Television Guangdong, Southampton and Dover is a regional Chinese language sub-network under Southern Media Corporation in Southern China .
The Prince-Bishopric of Liège was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in the Low Countries, situated for the most part in present Belgium, which was ruled by the Bishop of Liège as a prince within the Empire .
Ramada Jarvis was a chain of 4 star and 5 star hotels mostly located throughout the mainland of the United Kingdom, with a few managed internationally .
Enjoy Life Foods is a privately owned company based in Schiller Park, Illinois that produces gluten-free, casein-free, and foods intended to be non-allergic .
Sverre Haugli is a Norwegian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Ibrahima Moctar Sarr , and at an extraordinary congress to ratify the merger on August 18–19, Sarr was elected as the leader of the new party, the AJD MR expressed support for the military junta, and Sarr announced on April 11, 2009, that he would be a candidate in the controversial June 2009 presidential election, which was being organized by the junta and which opposition parties were planning to boycott .
Fisher Flying Products is a Canadian aircraft manufacturer that produces kits for a wide line of light aircraft .
Anatoliy Oprya is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Alan Kenneth Winstanley is an English record producer and songwriter, active from the mid-1970s onwards .
Patrick Sky ; to this day he claims to have received no royalties for the album .
Dim Mak Records is an independent, Los Angeles, CA-based record label, events company, and lifestyle brand founded by Grammy-nominated producer/DJ Steve Aoki in 1996 .
Hampton Pool, High Street, Hampton, London is a heated open air pool or lido which unusually is open 365 days of the year .
The Easingwold Railway was a two mile long branch line from Alne Station to Easingwold in the Vale of York, England .
Kongsberg Spacetec AS or KSPT, prior to 1994 Spacetec A/S, is a supplier of ground stations based in Tromsø, Norway .
Manfred Mann is a keyboard player best known as a founding member and namesake of Manfred Mann, Manfred Mann Chapter Three and Manfred Mann's Earth Band .
Stephen Prothero is a professor in the Department of Religion at Boston University and the author of numerous books on religion in America .
Francisco 'Patxi' Puñal Martínez is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Rajnath Singh who currently serves as the Union Minister of Home Affairs in the Narendra Modi government .
Calabar Carnival festival in Nigeria, also tagged "" Africa's Biggest Street Party"", was created as part of the vision of making the Cross River State in Nigeria, the number one tourist destination for Nigerians and tourist all over the world .
Bashahr, also spelt as 'Bushahr' and 'Bussahir', was a princely state in India during the British Raj .
Not to be confused with Armavir, RussiaArmavir is a city and an urban community located in the western part of Armenia .
The Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition was an expedition from 1947-1948 which researched the area surrounding the head of the Weddell Sea in Antarctica .
Arnsberg is one of the five Regierungsbezirks of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the south-east of the country .
Mosaic Communications, also known as Moscom, or as Mozcom, is the first commercial internet service provider in the Philippines .
Arkell's Brewery was established in Swindon, England in 1843, and has been owned by members of the Arkell family since its establishment .
Orient Group Incorporation is a private-owned conglomerate engaged in finance, trading, construction, port, industry, tourism and property development .
Alexandra Ann McLeod born December 21, 1968 is an American television host and entertainment news correspondent best known for being the original host of TLC’s hit cable show, Trading Spaces .
Basutoland or officially the Territory of Basutoland, was a British Crown colony established in 1884 after the Cape Colony's inability to control the territory .
The Former Yan -created title ""Prince of Yan,"" but subsequently, in 352, after seizing most of the former Later Zhao territory, Murong Jun would declare himself emperor, and after that point, the rulers of the Former Yan declared themselves ""emperors"" .
Abu Dhabi is the capital and the second most populous city in the United Arab Emirates, and also capital of Abu Dhabi emirate, the largest of the UAE's seven member emirates .
Stephen Kellogg is an American singer-songwriter and leader of Stephen Kellogg and the Sixers .
US Railcar is a manufacturer of railroad rolling stock, including passenger cars and diesel multiple units .
David Campiti is an American comic book writer, talent agent, and co-founder of Innovation Publishing .
Andreas Karl Rune Jonsson is an international motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of the Sweden speedway team that won the World Cup in 2003 and 2004 .
Rosa María Ojeda Cuen is a Mexican beauty pageant titleholder who won the title Miss Mexico 2006 .
Kronospan is an international company that manufactures and distributes wood-based panels which are used in many everyday products such as flooring, furniture and timber-framed houses .
World of Disney is a chain of specialty retail stores owned and operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, a division of The Walt Disney Company .
Cambiocasa is a European commercial property consultancy company founded by Francesco Trombiero in 1995 .
The Principality of Novgorod-Seversk was a medieval Rus' principality centered on the town now called Novhorod-Siverskyi .
Kris Gemmell World Cup circuit since 1998 and has had numerous wins and podium finishes .
Rocio Colette Acuña Calzada but others said it was due to the problems with her voice .
Roger Lavallee is a founding member of the Massachusetts-based indie rock band The Curtain Society and a recording engineer musician, Jim Carroll .
The cuisine of the Southwestern United States is food styled after the rustic cooking of the Southwestern United States .
Lactalis is a multi-national dairy products corporation, owned by the Besnier family and based in Laval, Mayenne, France .
Nigel Payne is the former Group Chief Executive and current Executive Director of Sportingbet Plc, which operates a network of bookmaking websites, as well as the Paradise Poker online poker room .
The Mihrabanid dynasty was a Muslim dynasty that ruled Sistan from 1236 until the mid-16th century .
Pelle Ossler is a Swedish rock musician and singer, most known for his collaboration with Joakim Thåström, both on Thåström's solo releases and their industrial project Sällskapet .
Judah Nagler is the singer for The Velvet Teen, an Indie/Baroque Pop band from Santa Rosa in Northern California .
Charlie Rasmussen Gjedde is an international motorcycle speedway rider who won the Speedway World Cup with Denmark in 2006 .
`Aqrabi , was a state in the British Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia .
The Republic of Ezo was a short-lived state established by former Tokugawa retainers in what is now known as Hokkaido, the large but sparsely populated northernmost island in modern Japan .
Keith Moseley is an American musician and songwriter, who plays bass guitar among other instruments for The String Cheese Incident, a jamband from Boulder, Colorado, of which he was a founding member .
Murthala Fançony Bravo de Oliveira is an Angolan kuduro singer and songwriter stemming from the latest generation of Angola’s contemporary urban music .
Mazars is a global audit, accounting and consulting group employing more than 14,000 professionals in 73 countries through member firms .
Detective Sergeant Denis O'Brien, Registration Number: 8288 , often called ""Dinny O’Brien"", was a veteran of the Irish War of Independence and the Irish Civil War .
Sri Krishna Sweets is a popular Indian sweet manufacturer and eatery based in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu .
Zachariah ""Zach"" Montgomery , a noted lawyer, statesman, member of the Kentucky Legislature and U .
Karlsruhe is the second-largest city in the state of Baden-Württemberg, in southwest Germany, near the Franco-German border .
Access Bank Group, is a financial services organization in West Africa, Central Africa and East Africa .
Ngân Sơn is a township and capital town of Ngân Sơn District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam .
Jonathan Bion ""Jon"" Provost , in Los Angeles, California is a former child actor of film and television .
Zhaojin Mining Industry Company Limited is an gold mining enterprise jointly ventured by Zhaojin Group and Fosun Group .
Jerry Herman Codiñera is a Filipino coach and retired professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association .
Aleksandar ""Saša"" Petrović at the 1969 Cannes Film FestivalIn 1973, Petrović was forced to leave his post at the Belgrade Film Academy after being accused of holding anti-communist views by the communist government of Yugoslavia .
John Dau, also known as Dhieu-Deng Leek, is one of the Lost Boys of Sudan who was featured in the 2006 award-winning documentary God Grew Tired of Us .
The County Down Spectator and Ulster Standard is a weekly tabloid-sized newspaper based in Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland, UK .
TIGO El Salvador is a mobile phone service provider company owned by the international mobile phone company Millicom International Cellular or just MIC .
The Mobile District was an administrative region of the Spanish territory of West Florida, which was claimed by the short-lived Republic of West Florida, established on September 23, 1810 .
Matthew Weston ""Matt"" Goss is an English singer-songwriter and musician, currently based in Los Angeles .
The Long Island Forensic Association is a non-profit organization which direct high school competitive speech events .
Rich London is a rapper from Toronto, Ontario, currently signed to Soul Clap Records/Universal Music .
The Korea Engineering & Consulting Association was founded in 1974 as a nonprofit association of engineering firms in accordance with enactment of the Engineering Services Promotion Law .
The United Provinces of New Granada was a country in South America from 1811 to 1816, a period known in Colombian history as the Patria Boba .
Stephen Gadd , and among other numerous awards he won the 1990 Kathleen Ferrier Memorial Scholarship .
Andrea Ofilada Veneracion was a Filipina choral conductor and a recipient of the 1999 National Artist for Music award .
Elenora Rose Sabin is an author of fantasy and science fiction novels for adults and young adults, the most notable being A School for Sorcery, which is set in an invented world in a country called Arucadi .
Pristine Audio was founded in 2002 by Andrew Rose, then a BBC Radio sound engineer, as an audio transfer and restoration business .
Elomatic is a consulting & engineering partner in developing and improving industrial investments within the bio and pharmaceutical, food, chemical, paper, mechanical and marine sectors .
Ayako Sana is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toyota Auto Body Queenseis .
Taj Television Limited is a full-service television concern, based in Dubai Media City with eight regional offices across the sub-continent .
Edgar Entereso Tadeo is a Filipino comic book artist, born in Taytay, Rizal in November 1974 .
Ben Ehrenreich is an American freelance journalist and novelist who lives in Los Angeles .
John Caine is an author and playwright who was appointed MBE in 1987 for his services to theatre .
Gan located what in what is now the province of Jiangxi in southern China .
ChoiceQuote Insurance Services is part of the GAN UK Group, the UK broker division of Groupama Insurances .
Haruka Shimotsuki is a Japanese singer and dōjin music composer known for her vocal themes in the Atelier Iris and Ar tonelico series .
The term British Malaya loosely describes a set of states on the Malay Peninsula and the island of Singapore that were brought under British control between the 18th and the 20th centuries .
Mariner Software is an American corporation with a focus on designing and publishing computer software products .
Fair Trade Wales is an organisation based in the United Kingdom that exists to grow the Fair Trade movement in Wales .
Cheryl Ann Fernandez-Versini , the album became a commercial success and spawned three successful singles including the lead single from the album, ""Fight for This Love,"" which debuted at number one on the UK charts, becoming the best selling single of the year .
The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, Polish Empire, Poland, Kingdom of Poland, was a dualistic state, a bi-confederation, of Poland and Lithuania ruled by a common monarch, who was both the king of Poland and the grand duke of Lithuania .
Leeds Federated Housing Association was formed in 1974 by a number of smaller associations coming together to form a 'federation', for the benefit of the community .
The National Sports Journalism Center is a journalism program run by Indiana University and a resource center for sports media professionals .
Yankton Treaty was a treaty signed in 1858 between the United States government and the Yankton Sioux , the elder Yankton Sioux chief, also felt that too many whites were settling there, but decided that opposing them was futile, and he signed the treaty .
Ayotlan was a state located along the upper reaches of the Armeria River in the general vicinity of El Grullo in Jalisco .
North Borneo was a British protectorate under the sovereign North Borneo Chartered Company from 1882 to 1941 .
The Southern Education Foundation is a not-for-profit foundation created in 1937 from four different funds — the Peabody Education Fund, the John F .
Kathryn ""Kate"" Davis is an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, known for playing double bass .
HumanEar is a multidisciplinary censorship, consultancy and digital conservative active in Los Angeles, San Francisco and Berlin .
Aaron Jon Schock is the United States Representative for Illinois's 18th congressional district, serving since 2009 .
The Pacific Press Publishing Association, or Pacific Press for short, is one of two major Seventh-day Adventist publishing houses in North America .
The Kingdom of Bulgaria, also referred to as the Tsardom of Bulgaria and the Third Bulgarian Tsardom was a constitutional monarchy, created on 22 September 1908 , which was a third lost war .
Grupo Aval is a Colombian holding company engaged in a wide variety of financial activities, including banking, telecommunications and real estate; in Colombia and Central America .
Morondava [murunˈdav̥] is a city located in Menabe Region, of which it is the capital, in Madagascar .
Sparebanken Vest is the third largest savings bank in Norway, and the country's second oldest bank .
The State of Ruò was a small vassal state during the Chinese Zhou Dynasty , roughly equivalent to a Viscount .
Godzilla Entertainment was an American record label founded and owned by rapper Yukmouth of the popular 1990s rap group The Luniz, and operated by both Yukmouth and Kat Gaynor .
Federica Fontana and TV program hostess, who also does various kinds of modeling on the side .
Sweet Leaf Tea Company is a producer of ready-to-drink organic teas and lemonades made with 100% pure cane sugar, owned by Nestlé and headquartered in the Penn Field Business Park in the South Congress area of Austin, Texas .
The Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia or Soviet Socialist Republic of Belarus was an early republic in the historical territory of Belarus after the collapse of the Russian Empire as a result of the October Revolution .
Sweden has participated at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 10 times since its inception in 2003 .
Laurence Rosenthal is an American composer, arranger, and conductor for theater, television, and film .
Kerala Vision is a private Malayalam 24-hour General Entertainment and News channel promoted by Kerala Communications Cable Ltd .
The Byzantine Empire, sometimes known as the Eastern Roman Empire, was the predominantly Greek-speaking continuation of the eastern half of the Roman Empire during Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages .
The Freaky Bean Coffee Company was an independent, Maine-based specialty coffee house and roaster, which had retail locations, a roasting division, and wholesale accounts .
Tram Power is a Merseyside based manufacturer of tram vehicles, notable for its production of the Citytram .
Austro Engine is an Austrian manufacturer of aircraft engines based at Wiener Neustadt in Lower Austria .
Stina Lundberg Dabrowski is a Swedish journalist, television host, producer, writer, and professor of television production .
Loilem or လွႆလႅမ်, also Loi-Lem or Loi-lem is a town in the Shan State of central-eastern Burma .
The Cosgrave Property Group is an Irish property development company owned and run by the brothers Joseph, Michael and Peter Cosgrave .
James Clancy Phelan , known professionally as James Phelan, is an Australian author of thrillers and young adult novels, including Fox Hunt, The Last 13 series for teens, and the Jed Walker and Lachlan Fox thrillers .
Birdstep Technology is a public company, founded in 1996 and is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange since 2002, under the ticker BIRD .
Green shoots is a term used colloquially and propagandistically to indicate signs of economic recovery during an economic downturn .
Tetsuya Ishida was a Japanese painter, best known for his surreal portrayal of an ordinary Japanese life .
The American Broadcasting Company was sold to Citadel Broadcasting, ABC has reduced its broadcasting operations almost exclusively to television .
Cái Nước is a township and capital town of Cái Nước District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam .
Hohenlohe-Bartenstein was a German Principality of the House of Hohenlohe, located in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, around Bartenstein .
Aguascalientes is the capital of the state of Aguascalientes and is its most populous city, with a metropolitan population of 1,000,000 .
Alan Bean a mild mannered white former minister working to uncover injustice and organize black opposition, in the racial controversies surrounding the Tulia 46 drug sting in Tulia, Texas and the Jena Six controversy in Jena, Louisiana .
Sami Raatikainen is a Finnish guitarist who plays for the German technical death metal band Necrophagist .
Apocalypse Man is an American television program that premiered on January 6, 2010 on History Channel .
Valhalla is the Nordic Council of Ministers’ portal for children and youth culture in Denmark, Finland, Faroe Islands, Greenland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden and Åland Islands .
Timeform Publications is a publishing company in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England founded in 1948 to provide information to fans, bettors, and others involved in the horse racing industry .
Innergex Renewable Energy is a developer, owner and operator of run-of-river hydroelectric facilities, wind energy, and solar farms in North America .
Golden West Airlines was a commuter airline that operated flights on a heavy schedule in California .
Curtis Scott Bramble, a Republican, is a member of the Utah State Senate, representing the state's 16th senate district in Provo .
Biledulgerid was formerly a country in Northern Africa, south of Mount Atlas, bounded on the north by Tunis, on the west by Algiers and the Sahara, on the east by Tripoli, supposed to be about 180 miles square .
La Rinascente is a Thai owned Italian retailer operating upscale department stores in the area of clothing, household and beauty products, founded in Milan in 1865 by Luigi and Ferdinando Bocconi .
Chimor was the political grouping of the Chimú culture that ruled the northern coast of Peru, beginning around 850 and ending around 1470 .
Juan Antonio Señor Gómez is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Věra Bílá is a Romani musician and singer of Romani folk and pop songs .
Nautilus Entertainment Design are members of the American Society of Theatre Consultants, ASTC, a professional organization where members need to prove merit, show expertise in consulting & design services in a wide range of theatre and performance installations before being voted into membership .
Credit Bank Limited , commonly referred to as Credit Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Mitsubishi Motors Philippines Corporation , located at Calamba, Laguna since its establishment in 1973, which produces auto components .
Linamar Corporation is a diversified global manufacturer of highly engineered products powering vehicles, motion, work and lives .
Curious Pictures is an American animation studio and multi-media company set in New York City and Los Angeles that creates and produces television programs, commercials, animation and video games .
Anthony Mandler is an American film director, music video director, television commercial director and photographer .
Bukovina is a historical region in Central Europe, currently divided between Ukraine and Romania, located on the northern slopes of the central Eastern Carpathians and the adjoining plains .
Panyabungan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Mandailing Natal Regency .
The Republic of Ragusa, or Republic of Dubrovnik, was a maritime republic centered on the city of Dubrovnik .
Andreessen Horowitz is a $4 billion venture capital firm, founded in 2009 by Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz .
Calvin Smyre is a Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives, representing the 132nd district since 1974 .
Sibiu north-west of Bucharest, the city straddles the Cibin River, a tributary of the river Olt .
Arrecifes Partido is a partido in the north-east of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina, it is located at coordinates 34°04′S 60°07′W .
Association Max Havelaar France is the French member of FLO International, which unites 23 Fairtrade producer and labelling initiatives across Europe, Asia, Latin America, North America, Africa, Australia and New Zealand .
Simele or Sumail is an historically Assyrian town located in the Iraqi province of Dohuk and part of Iraqi Kurdistan .
GlobalSantaFe Corporation, which traded on the NYSE as GSF was an offshore oil and gas drilling contractor, which owned or operating a fleet of 59 marine drilling rigs .
Daneile Joyce ""Dani"" Shapiro is the author of five novels and the best-selling memoirs Slow Motion and Devotion .
Atarisoft was a brand name used by Atari, Inc in 1983 and 1984 to market video games they published for home systems made by their competitors .
The Kumul Khanate was a semi-autonomous feudal khanate within the Qing dynasty and then the Republic of China until it was abolished by Xinjiang governor Jin Shuren in 1930 .
Ikechukwu Uche is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Villarreal CF as a striker .
Croatia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 21 times since making its debut at the 1993 contest .
Balchik is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Southern Dobruja area of northeastern Bulgaria .
Gwynllŵg was a kingdom of mediaeval Wales and later a Norman lordship and then a cantref .
Calimax is a grocery store chain operating in the Mexican states of Baja California and Sonora .
The mission of the President’s Task Force on Puerto Rico’s Status is to provide options for Puerto Rico’s future political status and relationship with the United States .
Phonic Corporation is a Taiwanese public company that manufactures and sells professional audio equipment, including mixing consoles, loudspeakers, studio monitors, and digital recording devices .
Văn Lang was the first nation of the ancient Vietnamese people, founded in 2879 BC and existing until 258 BC .
Eurydice Colette Clytemnestra Dido Bathsheba Rabelais Patricia Cocteau Stone, more commonly known as Patsy Stone, is a fictional character on the UK television series Absolutely Fabulous, portrayed by actress Joanna Lumley .
Protected Harvest is an American non-profit organization headquartered in Soquel, California that certifies sustainably grown crops .
Hansa Research is a global market research agency conducting market research in 77 countries with offices in India and the US .
Ultra Championship Wrestling-Zero is an American Independent professional wrestling promotion based in Salt Lake City, Utah .
BYD Electronic is a public company manufacturing handset components and assembling mobile phones for its customers, which have included Nokia and Motorola .
Balkania was the name of a proposed state in the Balkans, suggested by the Albanian politician Adem Demaci in 1993 .
Bansda State was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
Adolf Cornelius Piening of Allied shipping, to become the nineteenth highest scoring U-Boat ace of World War II, and receiving the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Basil Twist is a New York City-based puppeteer who is best known for his underwater puppet show, ""Symphonie Fantastique"" .
Richard 'Ric' Sanders is an English violinist who has played in jazz-rock, folk rock, electric folk and folk groups, including Soft Machine and Fairport Convention .
TIM Participações or TIM Brasil is the Brazilian subsidiary of Telecom Italia Mobile an Italian telecommunications company, which owned 67% of the company as of 2014 .
The Confederate Monument in Cynthiana is located on the outer edge of Cynthiana, Kentucky in Battle Grove Cemetery .
Geoffrey Scott Price is an American football punter for the University of Notre Dame football team .
Alempois was a small independent landlocked country in ancient Estonia, bordered by Harjumaa, Järvamaa, Nurmekund, Sakala, and Läänemaa .
Kotharia is a town in Rajsamand district of Rajasthan, which was the headquarters of the former 1st class jagir state, which was in Mewar Residency in Rajputana Agency .
Prometheus Records is a Belgium-based soundtrack label, established in 1980 by Luc Van de Ven, which originally began as a film music magazine known as Soundtrack .
Aswan (English pronunciation: ; Egyptian Arabic: أسوان Aswān [ʔɑsˈwɑːn]; Ancient Egyptian: Swenett; Coptic: ⲥⲟⲩⲁⲛ Souan; Ancient Greek: Συήνη Syene, formerly spelled Assuan, is a city in the south of Egypt, the capital of the Aswan Governorate .
Gazankulu was a bantustan in South Africa, intended by the apartheid government to be a semi-independent homeland for the Shangaan Tsonga people .
Brügger & Thomet AG is a Swiss defence supplier specializing in the design and manufacturing of firearms and tactical components such as sound suppressors and rail systems .
Speaking Circles are small groups of 8-10 people who come together to feel at ease in public speaking .
In Athens, the Kerukes were an ancient family of traditional priests said to be descended from Hermes through Ceryx .
West Florida was a colony of the Kingdom of Great Britain from 1763 until 1783 when it was ceded to Spain as part of the Peace of Paris .
Complejo Forestal y Maderero Panguipulli was a Chilean state-owned company that managed forested lands as well as sawmills in the Valdivian Cordillera from 1971 to 1988 .
The Shakespeare Center was the home of the Riverside Shakespeare Company, an Equity professional theatre company in New York City, beginning in 1982, when the then six-year-old theatre company established its center of theatre production and advanced actor training at the 90 year-old West Park Presbyterian Church on Amsterdam at West 86th Street .
New Renaissance Pictures is an independent production and distribution company for film, television, and the web, established in 2005 .
Mary Fahl is an American singer, songwriter and actress known for her work with October Project in the mid-1990s .
Egan-Jones Ratings Company, also known as EJR, was founded in 1995 and actively rates the credit worthiness of approximately 2000+ high yield and high grade U .
Windmill Theatre Company Inc is a non-professional theatre company located in the outer-Eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria .
Dan Wesson Firearms , part of CZ-USA, is a manufacturer of handguns in the United States .
The Northern Ireland have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on three occasions .
The Sultanate of Maguindanao of Maguindanao, including the capital built by Datu Uto, was demolished .
AS Grindeks is a Latvian company listed on the Riga OMX exchange with production of pharmaceutical drugs, medicine and phytochemical medicine .
First Student UK is the brand used by FirstGroup for student transport in the United Kingdom .
Artur Karnoza is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Sevastopol .
Intel SOA Products Division is a group within Intel which releases XML processing and security software for transforming XML messages .
the Samoa International Cricket Association is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Samoa .
Sgript Cymru is a Welsh theatre company that specialises in new writing in Welsh or English by Welsh and Wales-based playwrights .
Akiko Dōmoto was the governor of Chiba Prefecture in Japan from 2001 to 2009 .
Seán Keane is an Irish singer and musician, known for his distinctive sean-nós-style voice .
Martin Schneider , often just called ""Maddin"", is a German comedian, cabarettist and actor .
Randy Franklin Pobst also known as ""RFP"" or ""The Rocket"" is an American race car driver, born 26 June 1957, in Dayton, Ohio .
The Kingdom of Sarawak was a state in Borneo established by Sir James Brooke in 1841 by receiving independent kingdom status from the Sultanate of Brunei as a reward for helping fight piracy and insurgency .
Gersau is a municipality and district in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland, sitting on the shores of Lake Lucerne .
In Herodotus, Themiscyra was the capital of the nation of all-female warriors called Amazons, on the river Thermodon .
Mark James Mickan club West Adelaide in 1981 and finished back at West in 1994 .
The Rock-Ola Manufacturing Corporation was founded in 1927 by Coin-Op pioneer David Cullen Rockola to manufacture slot machines, scales and pinball machines .
Sidetrack Films is a film production company based out of Brooklyn, New York formed by Ravi Anne in 2005 .
Moriwaki is a Japanese company which produces among other things chassis and other parts for motorcycles .
Reform Scotland, established in 2008, is an Edinburgh-based think tank, a sister organisation to the London-based right-wing, free market think tank Reform .
Gerhard Martin Tremmel is a German footballer who plays for Swansea City, as a goalkeeper .
Asahi Sonorama is a Japanese book, magazine, and manga publisher and a division of Asahi Shimbun Publications, which is a subsidiary of the publisher of the Asahi Shimbun .
Tuffy Auto Service Centers is a chain of franchise and company-owned automotive service centers headquartered in Toledo, Ohio .
Joe King is the guitarist, backing vocalist, songwriter and co-founder of Denver-based rock band the Fray .
The Mighty Leaf Tea Company is a specialty tea manufacturer and distributor based in San Rafael, California .
Thomas Sterling is Professor of Computer Science at Indiana University, a Faculty Associate at California Institute of Technology, and a Distinguished Visiting Scientist at Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
TEG Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union in the New York counties of Dutchess, Orange, and Ulster .
Erwin Wurm is an Austrian artist born in Bruck an der Mur / Styria .
Capital Newspapers is a partnership between Lee Enterprises and The Capital Times Company that operates 27 publications and several web sites in Wisconsin .
José Antonio Aguilar Bodegas , which should emit the final and unappealable opinion to more delay December 7, 2006, a day before the eventual one takes of possession of the Governor of Chiapas for the period 2006-2012 .
Serge Avedikian , sometimes credited as Serje Avetikian, is an Armenian-French film and theatre actor, director, writer and producer, winner of Cannes Festival prize .
Regency Centers Corporation based in Jacksonville, Florida and one of the largest operators of grocery-anchored shopping centers .
Richard Shelton is an English actor and singer, best known for playing the role of Dr Adam Forsythe on British television's daytime Soap Opera Emmerdale on ITV1 .
This is a record of the Indian national football team's results at the FIFA World Cup .
The Battle of the Tongue River, sometimes referred to as the Connor Battle, was an engagement of the Powder River Expedition of 1865, directed against the Cheyenne, Arapaho and Lakota Sioux .
Anye Elite , also known as Anye Ellis, is an American singer-songwriter and LGBT activist .
The Monticello Railway Museum is a non-profit railroad museum located in Monticello, Illinois, about 12 nautical miles west of Champaign, IL .
Robin Millar CBE is a record producer and musician, known variously as 'The Original Smooth Operator', 'The man behind Sade', and 'Golden Ears' [Boy George] .
McAfee & Taft is an Oklahoma-based law firm with offices in Oklahoma City and Tulsa, serving clients locally, nationally and internationally .
Rewa State, also known as Rewah, was a princely state of India, surrounding its eponymous capital, the town of Rewa .
The Principality of Grubenhagen was a subdivision of the Welf Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg in the Holy Roman Empire .
Alinco is a Japanese manufacturer of radio and amplification equipment, and in the Japanese market, metal products, construction equipment, and exercise equipment .
The Principality of Nitra , also known as the Duchy of Nitra, was a Slavic polity encompassing a group of settlements that developed in the 9th century around Nitra in present-day Slovakia .
Bob Woodruff and has charted two singles on the Billboard country music charts, as well as a third on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada .
Miku Ishida is a Japanese female singer and used to be a gravure idol, actress and a teen idol, had belonged to the show-business production LesPros Entertainment from 1999 to 2008 .
Dana Fuchs is an American singer, songwriter, actress and voice over talent most famous for her performance in the 2007 film Across the Universe, in which she played the role of Sadie .
Globe Trailers is a privately held corporation headquartered in Bradenton, Florida, midway between Tampa and Naples .
Syr-Darya Oblast was one of the oblasts of the Russian Empire was part of Russian Turkistan .
The Tughlaq dynasty , also referred to as Tughluq or Tughluk dynasty, was a Muslim dynasty of Turkic origin which ruled over the Delhi sultanate in medieval India .
The Advanced Technical Intelligence Center for Human Capital Development reputation as the leader in education, training, research, development, and operational employment of intelligence data .
Elecard is a technology company that provides software products for video and audio encoding, decoding, processing, receiving and transmission .
Naked Angels is an American theater company founded in 1986 and based in New York City .
The Naked Women's Wrestling League, also known as NWWL, is a defunct erotic professional wrestling promotion which featured naked females battling in the ring .
Dorothy Wiltse Collins [Dottie] was an American pitcher in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, which was in existence from 1943 to 1954 .
Merionethshire or Merioneth is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales, a vice county and a former administrative county .
Igor Vladimirovich Denisov is an association footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Russian national team and FC Dynamo Moscow .
Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios, officially abbreviated SCE Worldwide Studios, is a group of video game developers owned by Sony Computer Entertainment which was established in 2005 .
Robin Schimminger , the City of Tonawanda in Erie County, and most of the City of North Tonawanda in Niagara County .
El Salvador , officially the Republic of El Salvador due in part to ongoing rapid industrialisation, however the country continues to struggle with high rates of poverty, inequality, and crime .
Michalis Sifakis is a Greek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Greek national team, who plays for Levadiakos .
Greentown China Holdings Limited , headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, is one of the leading privately held residential property developers in China and the largest property developer in Zhejiang Province .
Knowledge Ontario is a non-profit organization supporting a number of related province-wide initiatives in Ontario, Canada, providing library and information resources, learning experiences and related services to people across all ages, locations, education levels and cultural institutions .
Bernie Tormé is a rock guitarist, singer, songwriter, record label and recording studio owner .
Ashley Rae Maika DiPietro better known by the stage name Ashley Alexandra Dupré, is a former call girl .
OceanaGold Corporation is a significant Pacific Rim gold producer, listed on the Toronto, Australian and New Zealand stock exchanges under the symbol “OGC” .
Brooke Nichole Adams is an American model and professional wrestler, currently working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as a TNA Knockout under the ring name, Brooke .
The World Association of Nuclear Operators is an international, non-profit group of nuclear power plant operators whose primary emphasis is on achieving the highest possible standards of nuclear safety .
Sigli is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Pidie Regency .
Flavorite Ice Cream is one of the leading commercial ice cream manufacturers in Trinidad and Tobago .
Lojas Americanas is a Brazilian retail chain founded in 1929 in the city of Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, by Austrian Max Landesmann and Americans John Lee, Glen Matson, James Marshall and Batson Borger .
Quinuabamba District is one of 4 districts in the Pomabamba Province of the Ancash Region in Peru .
AccelOps is a company that sells a software virtual appliance for security information and event management and performance, availability, and change monitoring of Data Center Infrastructure from network devices, environmental equipment such as UPS, servers, storage, hypervisors, and applications .
The Free and Hanseatic City of Lübeck was a city-state from 1226 to 1937, in what is now the German states of Schleswig-Holstein and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern .
Tarutung is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of North Tapanuli Regency .
Pedro Eustache , is a creative solo flautist - ""World Music"" woodwinds-reeds-wind synthesizers and composer with extensive academic studies and more than 35 years of professional experience .
Rạch Gốc is an urban municipality and town in the Ngọc Hiển District of Cà Mau Province, Vietnam, approximately 68 kilometres from Cà Mau city .
Uranium Corporation of India , under the Department of Atomic Energy for uranium mining and uranium processing .
Shinyanga, also known as Shinyanga mji in the local Swahili language, is a city in northern Tanzania .
Pedro Poveda, priest, martyr, and founder of the Teresian Association, was born in Linares, Spain on December 3, 1874 .
The National Agricultural Cooperative Federation was established in 1961 to enhance the social and economic status of its membership and to promote a balanced development of the national economy .
Aaron Lansky , an autobiographical account of how Lansky saved the Yiddish books of the world, from the 1970s to the present day .
Tarumanagara or Taruma Kingdom or just Taruma is an early Sundanese Indianized kingdom, whose fifth-century ruler, Purnawarman, produced the earliest known inscriptions on Java island .
The North Bergen Reporter is a weekly community newspaper serving North Bergen, in Hudson County, New Jersey .
Aygaz is Turkey’s 7th largest industrial organization according to the listing by Istanbul Chamber of Commerce .
Andre Birleanu is a Russian-Romanian male model television personality known for his appearance on the Vh1 television show America's Most Smartest Model .
Comau is an Italian multinational company based in Turin, Italy and is part of the Fiat Group .
Chechen Autonomous Oblast , was an autonomous oblast of the Russian SFSR, created on November 30, 1922 when it was separated from the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic .
Kildare’s is an Irish Pub-themed casual dining restaurant chain and drinking establishment in the United States .
The South Region , and to the south by the countries of Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and Congo .
China's Travel International Investment Hong Kong Limited is an investment holding company engaged in travel, theme park, hotel, resort, passenger transportation, golf club, power generation, freight forwarding and other investments .
Gloria Whelan is an American poet, short story writer, and novelist known primarily for teen`s and teen-adult fiction .
Body Head Entertainment is a Pensacola based record label founded in 1998 by former Heavyweight boxing champion Roy Jones, Jr .
The Nome Kingdom is a fictional region near the Land of Oz that is ruled by the Nome King .
Robertsport, also known as Roberts Port and Robert's Port, is a town in western Liberia, about 10 miles from the Sierra Leone border .
Jeremy Caniglia is an American figurative painter and illustrator, primarily in fantasy and horror genres .
Lisa Anderson is an American political scientist and the current President of the American University in Cairo and former chair of the board of the Social Science Research Council .
Lục Nam is a township and town and capital of Lục Nam District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
The Aghlabids were an Arab dynasty of emirs, who ruled Ifriqiya, nominally on behalf of the Abbasid Caliph, for about a century, until overthrown by the new power of the Fatimids .
Evansdale Cheese Factory is a small New Zealand producer of handmade cheeses, located at Hawksbury in Otago, about 35km north of Dunedin on State Highway 1 .
Michael ""Mickey"" Sherman, an Connecticut-based American criminal defense attorney who has appeared countless times on cable television shows talking about famous legal cases .
John Preston Amis , before becoming a music critic, initially with The Scotsman in 1946 .
The Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society is a non-governmental organisation that is dedicated to the conservation of whales, and dolphins and porpoises in Hong Kong .
Hemas Holdings PLC is a diversified conglomerate located in Sri Lanka, with a focus on five key sectors – FMCG, Healthcare, Transportation, Leisure and Power Generation .
Dave Winters is a former Illinois State Representative for the 68th district, serving from 1995 to 2012 .
Abruzzo which, he said, best synthesized the beauty of the region and the character of its people .
Harald Nævdal known by his stage names Demonaz Doom Occulta and Demonaz, is a Norwegian musician best known as the founding guitarist and chief lyricist for the black metal band Immortal .
Prista Oil is a Bulgarian company headquartered in the city of Rousse and mainly engaged in the production of 150 kinds of motor oils and industrial lubricants, as well as their distribution, transport and storage, cleaning petroleum pollution and the production and recycling of car batteries .
Raw Feed was a label of Warner Premiere, the direct-to-DVD division of Warner Home Video, that focused on releasing films of the horror genre, many of them unrated .
iBwave Solutions is a telecom radio planning software provider that develops solutions for the in-building wireless industry .
Play N Trade is a franchisor operating in the video game and consumer electronics space, with an emphasis on video gaming lifestyle .
The County of Montechiarugolo was a small sovereign state of northern Italy which existed from 1456 to 1612 .
Boyolali is a regency in the eastern part of Central Java province in Indonesia .
Consuelo Ynares-Santiago is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Olen Steinhauer is an American writer of spy fiction novels, known for books such as the New York Times Best Seller The Tourist, the Milo Weaver Trilogy and the Yalta Boulevard Sequence .
The New Virginia Colony was a colonization plan in central Mexico, to resettle ex-Confederates and any other immigrants from any nation .
In Greek mythology, Pleisthenes is the name of several different people descended from Tantalus .
The Northwest Region, or North-West Region of Cameroon is part of the territory of the Southern Cameroons, found in the western highlands of Cameroon .
Amlin plc is an independent insurer operating in the Lloyd's, UK, Continental Europe and Bermudian markets .
Faraday Technology Corporation provider ranking in top 50 fabless IC suppliers in the world and top 10 in Taiwan .
Sudeep Sanjeev, known mononymously as Sudeep, is an Indian film actor, director, producer, screenwriter, playback singer, who hails from Shivamogga District, Karnataka .
The Electorate of Saxony , sometimes referred to as Upper Saxony, was a State of the Holy Roman Empire .
Cytyc Corporation was a company engaged in the design, development, manufacture, and marketing of clinical products that focus on women’s health .
Amabi was a traditional principality in West Timor in the currently East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia .
Party Ben is a DJ in San Francisco who spent many years working at local radio station Live 105 and is one of the more notable figures in the mashup scene .
The County of Zweibrücken was a territory in the Holy Roman Empire named for Zweibrücken in the contemporary Land Rhineland-Palatinate .
Möng Nai or Mongnai is a town in Mong Nai Township in the Shan State of Burma .
Paper + Plastick is an American independent record label and comic-book publisher, founded in 2008 and based in Gainesville, Florida .
Holubar Mountaineering, established in 1946 by Roy and Alice Holubar, designed and sold modern, innovative mountaineering equipment .
Ben Spies , also known as ""Elbowz"" due to his riding style where his elbows protrude outward, is a former professional motorcycle road racer who turned pro in 2000 .
The FD Mediagroep is a Dutch company that owns Het Financieele Dagblad and BNR Nieuwsradio .
Interstellar cloud is the generic name given to an accumulation of gas, plasma and dust in our and other galaxies .
Robert ""Bob"" Irwin is an Australian naturalist, animal conservationist, and a pioneering herpetologist who is also famous for his conservation and husbandry work with apex predators and reptiles .
Alison Fesq Haislip is an American actress and former TV correspondent for Attack of the Show! on G4 and NBC's The Voice .
Bradley ""Brad"" Ronald Hazzard MP , an Australian politician, is the Attorney General of New South Wales and the New South Wales Minister for Justice since April 2014 in the Baird government .
Premium Brands Holdings Corporation , is a publicly traded corporation on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Best-Lock Construction Toys is a brand of plastic building bricks that are compatible with Lego, but are sold much more cheaply .
Praia , is the capital and largest city of Cape Verde, an island nation in the Atlantic Ocean west of Senegal .
The Danish Realm is an official term for the relations between Denmark proper and its two overseas constituent countries, the Faroe Islands and Greenland, which collectively make up the Kingdom of Denmark .
Purworejo is a regency in the southern part of Central Java province in Indonesia .
Carter Nicholas Oosterhouse is an American television personality and model, who was born in Traverse City, Michigan .
CherAmi Ltd is a company incorporated in Trinidad and Tobago that provides GPS Tracking solutions, in-vehicle security and personal security, and remote diagnostics systems throughout the Caribbean and the world .
Established in 2008, Allied Fiber is the first network-neutral colocation and dark fiber company, based in New York, New York, offering a combined long-haul and multi-access point, short-haul fiber optic system coupled with network-neutral colocation facilities and direct access for wireless towers and rural broadband networks .
OzForex is an Australian online foreign exchange and payments company with headquarters in Sydney operating under a number of different territory specific brands that include UKForex, CanadianForex, NZForex, USForex as well as ClearFX and Tranzfers .
Lencola Sullivan is an American news anchor and former beauty queen from Morrilton, Arkansas, who has competed in the Miss America pageant .
Limbdi State was a princely state and was entitled to a 9-gun salute during the British Raj period .
Cooper-Bessemer refers to the Cooper-Bessemer Corporation and the Cooper-Bessemer brand of industrial engines and compressors, manufactured in Mount Vernon, Ohio .
Nicaragua , is the largest country in the Central American isthmus, bordering Honduras to the north and Costa Rica to the south .
The Sultanate of Aceh, officially the Kingdom of Aceh Darussalam , was a Sultanate centered in the modern-day Indonesian province of Aceh .
Mitutoyo Corporation , the Society for the Promotion of Buddhism, which sponsors the Buddhist Canon Translation Project .
Kevin O'Leary is a Canadian entrepreneur, investor, journalist, writer, financial commentator and television personality .
Gary Kellgren was an American audio engineer and co-founder of The Record Plant recording studios, along with businessman Chris Stone .
The English Shakespeare Company was an English theatre company founded in 1986 by Michael Bogdanov and Michael Pennington to present and promote the works of William Shakespeare on both a national and an international level .
Island Cruises was the brand name of a cruise line operated by Sunshine Cruises Limited, founded as a joint venture between Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd .
UMPQUA Research Company concentration of between 1 – 4 mg/L is also imparted to the water to maintain potability .
PlayMotion! is a company that produces a next generation videogame technology of the same name .
Ninetone Records is a Swedish record label based in Sundsvall with Rock/Metal as their main focus .
Desire is a fictional character from the DC comic book series The Sandman , and was created by Neil Gaiman and Mike Dringenberg .
Professor Leonardo ""The Wizard"" Xavier was born on January 3, 1976, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil .
Durham School Services is a school bus operator providing tendered pupil transportation throughout the United States, currently operating in 29 states, primarily along the West Coast, in the southern United States, the Midwest, and parts of the Northeast .
Mark Sargeant is an English chef, formerly head chef at Gordon Ramsay's Michelin starred restaurant at Claridge's in London .
Rosalía Peredo Aguilar is a Mexican politician who currently serves in the upper house of Congress .
Modern Education , particularly the Form 5, Form 7 and Form 6 students sitting for the HKCEE, HKALE and HKDSE exams respectively .
The Bridge of Weir Railway was an independent railway company that built a line from Johnstone to Bridge of Weir .
Helen David is an English fashion designer and artist working in London, with an interest in both local and global culture .
Imperial Bank South Africa Limited, also referred to as Imperial Bank South Africa , but commonly known as Imperial Bank, is a commercial bank in the Republic of South Africa .
NSB Gjøvikbanen AS is a Norwegian railway company that operates the passenger train service on the Gjøvik Line .
Spatial Corporation was founded in 1986, and had one main product: ACIS, the first commercially available 3D modeling kernel .
Red Hammer Records is an independent record label located in the Portland, Oregon metro area of Battle Ground, Washington .
Jakson Coelho , commonly known as Jajá Coelho or simply Jajá, is a Brazilian football forward/midfielder .
James McCarthy is a professional footballer who plays for Everton and Republic of Ireland as a central midfielder .
South West Wales Publications , part of the Northcliffe Media, is a regional newspaper publisher based in Swansea .
Muir's Department Store was the largest retail store in the downtown area of East Orange, New Jersey's Main Street shopping district in the 1920s .
Erika Arnoldine Cornelia Thijs was a Flemish politician and member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party .
Steph Song is a Malaysian actress, of Chinese heritage, raised in Canada and Australia .
William Ecker lived in Punta Gorda, Florida, until his death on November 5, 2009 .
Typotheque is a type foundry and design studio from The Hague, Netherlands [1] that develops and markets original typefaces for the Macintosh and Windows platforms .
Robert Oxton Bolt, CBE was an English playwright and a two-time Oscar-winning screenwriter, known for writing Lawrence of Arabia, Doctor Zhivago and A Man for All Seasons, the latter two of which won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay .
Lynxmotion is one of the oldest manufacturers of robot kits, including robot arms, biped walking robots, quadrapods, hexapods, tracked and wheeled vehicles, and more .
Vellore district is one of the 32 districts in the Tamil Nadu state of India,It is one of the biggest district in Tamilnadu .
Germany has officially participated in every Eurovision Song Contest since its beginning in 1956, except in 1996 when its entry did not qualify past the audio-only pre‐selection round, and consequently was not seen in the broadcast final and does not count as one of Germany's 58 appearances .
Douglas Forsythe Rye is a Los Angeles-based voice actor who has done Narration for such notable companies as Bank of America, The Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, NBC, The Playboy Channel, Qwest, Carl's Jr .
The Duchy of Florence was an Italian principality that was centred on the city of Florence, in Tuscany, Italy .
The Bishopric of Bamberg was established in 1007, to further expand the spread of Christianity in Germany .
Lanston Monotype Company was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at the end of the nineteenth century by Tolbert Lanston .
Königsegg was a German statelet in the southeastern part of the present State of Baden-Württemberg, Germany .
Qu'aiti , was a sultanate in the Hadhramaut region of the southern Arabian Peninsula, in what is now Yemen .
Merle Becker is a television producer/director, and the founder of the independent film company Freakfilms, Inc .
Allied Capital was a private equity investment firm and mezzanine capital lender providing debt and equity capital for leveraged buyouts, acquisitions and restructurings of established businesses .
Holstein-Glückstadt or Schleswig-Holstein-Glückstadt is the historiographical name, as well as contemporary shorthand name, for the parts of the duchies of Schleswig and Holstein that were ruled by the Kings of Denmark in their function as dukes of Schleswig and Holstein, thus also known as Royal Schleswig-Holstein .
Benjamin David ""Ben"" Bowen , commonly called Big Ben Bowen, was a boy from Huntington, West Virginia, who was diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumour in 2004 .
The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic , commonly referred to as Ukraine or Soviet Ukraine, was a sovereign Soviet socialist state and one of the fifteen constituent republics of the Soviet Union from its inception in 1922 to its breakup in 1991 .
Masterworks Broadway is a record label created by the consolidation of Sony Music Entertainment's Broadway theatre music divisions, Columbia Broadway Masterworks and RCA Victor Records' Broadway series .
Ryan Ferguson is an indie rock guitarist and singer-songwriter, formerly of Southern California band No Knife .
The Krachi West District is one of the twenty-five districts in the Volta Region .
Bishop Bohdan Dzyurakh is auxiliary bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Kiev and titular bishop of Vagada .
Armen Harutyunyan is the former ombudsman of Armenia and the current Regional Representative of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights in Central Asia .
Hall and Woodhouse is a British regional brewery founded in 1777 by Charles Hall in Blandford Forum, Dorset, England .
The Children's Civic Light Opera is a Los Angeles based theatre program for children to young adults .
Secil Marítima, a flagship in Angolan shipping, operates the terminals at Lobito, Luanda and Namibe ports .
Bubba Blackwell is an American stunt performer and motorcycle jumping world record holder who is sponsored by and promoted by Harley-Davidson Motorcycles .
Punched tape or perforated paper tape is a form of data storage, consisting of a long strip of paper in which holes are punched to store data .
McDonald Territory was an extralegal, unrecognized territory of the United States that existed for a short time in 1961 .
Allan Hunt is an American actor, probably best remembered as Crewman Stuart Riley from season 2 of ABC's Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea .
Table Table is a brand of restaurants set up by Whitbread Plc in 2008, the brand actually started in 2006 but was unnamed .
Good Sam Enterprises is a provider of membership clubs, as well as subscription-based products, services and publications, targeted toward recreational vehicle and other outdoor enthusiasts in the United States .
The proposed United Baltic Duchy, also known as the Grand Duchy of Livonia, was a state proposed by the Baltic German nobility and exiled Russian nobility after the Russian revolution and German occupation of the Courland, Livonian, and Estonian governorates of the Russian Empire .
Nouadhibou is the second largest city in Mauritania and serves as a major commercial centre .
Monseñor Nouel , Archbishop of Santo Domingo and briefly President of the Republic in 1912-3 .
Khemed is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
The Canterbury Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Lee MacDonald is a British actor who played Zammo McGuire in the children's TV series Grange Hill from 1982-1987 .
Dr Pepper Snapple Bottling Group is the third largest bottling company in the United States after Pepsi Beverages Company and Coca-Cola Enterprises .
Brett Atwood is a website editor, content strategist and former print and online journalist whose writings have appeared in Billboard, Rolling Stone, Vibe, Hollywood Reporter and other publications .
Surly Bikes is a designer and importer of bicycles, frames, parts, and accessories based in Bloomington, Minnesota, established circa 1998 .
Avalanche Studios is an independent and privately held video game developer based in both Stockholm, Sweden and New York, USA .
Kigali-Rural Province, known in Kinyarwanda as Kigali-Ngali, was a province that surrounds the city of Kigali, Rwanda .
Chios to distinguish it from the entirety of the island with which it shares the name .
Relentless Software is a British video game company formed in 2003 that is based in Brighton .
The Ilkhanate, also spelled Il-khanate , was a breakaway state of the Mongol Empire, which was ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu .
The Ağ Qoyunlu or Ak Koyunlu, also called the White Sheep Turkomans , was a Sunni Oghuz Turkic tribal federation that ruled present-day Iran, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Eastern Turkey, and northern Iraq from 1378 to 1501 .
Angoss Software Corporation, headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, with offices in the United States and UK, is a provider of predictive analytics systems through software licensing and services .
SPB TV AG is a provider of end-to-end OTT TV, IP TV and mobile TV solutions for video content delivery to multiscreen devices: mobile, tablet, desktop and TV .
Fábio Leopoldo Silva is a former Brazilian mixed martial artist and is currently an active Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and a world renowned instructor .
Commemorative coins have been issued in Bulgaria since 1965 by the Bulgarian National Bank, headquartered in Sofia, and minted by the Bulgarian Mint .
Robert Guéï was the military ruler of the Ivory Coast from December 24, 1999 to October 26, 2000 .
Harvey Jerome Brudner was a theoretical physicist/engineer, and was the Dean of Science and Technology at the New York Institute of Technology .
Susan Mary Barrantes was the mother of Sarah, Duchess of York, and the maternal grandmother of Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie of York .
The American Center for Mongolian Studies 3 not-for-profit, academic organization which promotes research and scholarship in Inner Asia, a broad region consisting of Mongolia and parts of China, Russia and Central Asia, including Inner Mongolia, Xinjiang, Buryatia, Tuva and eastern Kazakhstan .
The Granadine Confederation was a short-lived federal republic established in 1858 as a result of a constitutional change replacing the Republic of New Granada .
Audrey Carville was the host of the BBC World Service radio show Europe Today from 2004 to 2009, known for her tough questioning of European public figures on the show .
Fagerdala World Foams is a Swedish company that specializes in the development, manufacturing and converting of technical polymer foams, thermoforming parts and resilient materials .
Ruritania is a fictional country in central Europe which forms the setting for three books by Anthony Hope: The Prisoner of Zenda .
Kentucky , officially the Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a state located in the east south-central region of the United States .
Rheged , the Brittonic-speaking region of what is now Northern England and southern Scotland, in the Early Middle Ages .
In Hinduism, Diti and so she practiced magic and kept herself pregnant for one year .
The Kingdom of Nri was the West African medieval state of the Nri-Igbo, a subgroup of the Igbo people .
The secondary mortgage market is the market for the sale of securities or bonds collateralized by the value of mortgage loans .
Chauk is a town and river port in Magway Division, north-central Myanmar, on the Irrawaddy River .
Flextel is a British company that pioneered the use of personal numbering in telecommunications in the United Kingdom .
The Majeerteen Sultanate , also known as Majeerteenia and Migiurtinia, was a Somali Sultanate in the Horn of Africa .
Alex Large and Liane Sommers are a British directing team who have been based in London and Berlin since 2000 .
Chicken Express is a regional chain of fast food restaurants concentrated in the Southern United States .
Nsite was a platform as a service company based in the Bay area, specializing in Sales Force enhancements .
Royal Brunei Catering is a company whose main business is in the catering and restaurant business .
Raageshwari Loomba is an Indian pop singer, actress, model, television anchor, former MTV and Channel V VJ, a yoga practitioner and a motivational speaker .
Dongye, which means the Eastern Ye, was a Korean chiefdom which occupied portions of the northeastern Korean peninsula from roughly 3rd-century BC to around early 5th-century .
Pioneer Telephone Cooperative is a cooperatively owned telecommunications company that provides telephone and other telecommunications services in a large portion of the state of Oklahoma .
Keith Hopwood is an English musician, singer-songwriter, composer, businessman and record producer, who served as the rhythm guitarist and backing vocals for the 1960s pop band, Herman's Hermits .
Rebel Records is an independent American record label based in Charlottesville, Virginia that specializes in bluegrass and old time music .
The Principality of Catalonia of the conquest of Minorca by a joint force of Italians, Catalans, and Occitans .
The Kingdom of Toledo , was a realm in the Iberian Peninsula, created after Alfonso VI of León's capture of Toledo in 1085 .
Neuquén is a province of Argentina, located in the west of the country, at the northern end of Patagonia .
Henri Dès is a Swiss French-language children's singer and songwriter immensely popular in European Francophone countries .
Goran Kralj is the lead singer and songwriter for The Gufs, a Milwaukee pop-rock band active from 1988 to 1999 .
Bentheim-Alpen was a short-lived County of the Holy Roman Empire, created as a partition of Bentheim-Steinfurt in 1606 .
Tonearm is the stage name of Russian born, New York based musician Ilia Bis .
Celemony Software GmbH is a German musical software company that specializes in digital audio pitch correction software .
GRGDN is a Turkish music production and artist management company as well as a record label based in Istanbul .
Biaći are a village in Croatia, 5 km northeast of Trogir, at the contact point between the Trogir part and the Lower Kaštela part of the Velo field .
Buenos Aires , makes it the largest in Argentina with around 11% of the country's total area .
Central Asian-American Enterprise Fund , the manufacturer Zenith, a lawyer, university professor and a former congressman .
Blackline GPS is a Calgary-based wireless location technology company that develops, manufactures, and markets products and services for employee safety monitoring, lone worker monitoring, and vehicle & asset tracking .
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services is a bus service operating in Ontario by the Ontario Northland Transportation Commission .
The Kingdom of Naples , comprising the southern part of the Italian Peninsula, was the remainder of the old Kingdom of Sicily after the secession of the island of Sicily as a result of the Vespers of 1282 .
Alpro is a company based in Belgium that markets organic and non-organic, non-genetically modified, soy based food and drink products .
Goojje , which some commentators have stated appears to run counter to Google's mantra, Don't be evil .
Trina Solar Limited is a Chinese manufacturer of photovoltaic modules, which was founded in 1997 as a system installation company .
Josh Raymond is an American professional wrestler, also known by the ring name Josh Abercrombie .
“Space” Mandino is an American singer-songwriter from Chicago, Illinois, known for his overtone singing, five-string banjo and harmonium .
myguideTravel was parent company to a number of travel companies around the world, namely myguideIreland, myguideBritain, myguideScotland and myguideNewEngland .
The Sameer Group of Companies, commonly referred to as the Sameer Group, is a large conglomerate, based in Kenya, with operations and subsidiaries in neighboring African countries .
Twelve is the name given to the musical recordings made by Chris Olley, the lead singer of Six By Seven .
Veliko Tarnovo Bulgarian pronunciation: [vɛˈliko ˈtɤ̞rnovo] is a city in north central Bulgaria and the administrative centre of Veliko Tarnovo Province .
Alessandro Alfonso Fortunato Gaudino , better known by his stage name Alex Gaudino, is an Italian DJ and record producer .
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales is a Spanish organization whose purpose is to protect public investments in state owned, sponsored or supported industrial projects including their subsequent privatization, and is similar in nature to a private law firm but publicly owned and controlled by the Spanish Treasury and Public Administration Ministry es:Ministerio de Hacienda y Administraciones Públicas, and reports directly to the Minister .
John Waldo ""Fee"" Waybill , is the lead singer and songwriter of the band The Tubes .
Black Hills Corporation is a Rapid City, South Dakota diversified energy company that is an electric and gas utility in South Dakota and Wyoming and sells power throughout the American West .
Viximo, located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, makes software for virtual currency used in social networking, online dating and casual gaming sites .
KiK Textilien und Non-Food GmbH is a textile discounter based in Bönen, Germany, founded in 1994 by Stefan Heinig and the holding company Tengelmann Group .
Pappenheim was a German statelet in western Bavaria, Germany, located on the Altmühl river between Treuchtlingen and Solnhofen, and south of Weißenburg .
Durango, officially Victoria de Durango and also known as Ciudad de Durango, is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Durango .
Morelia is a city and municipality in the north central part of the state of Michoacán in central Mexico .
Metropolitan Vitaly was the first Hierarch of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia from 1985 until his retirement in 2001 .
Vincent Belorgey , is a French house artist whose production style is very reminiscent of the electro-pop film soundtracks of the 1980s .
Ratnapura over 2000 years ago when the first Buddhist monks arrived here from the north eastern provinces of India namely Bodh-Gaya, Varanasi and Pataliputra they not only did bring with them the Buddhist religion but since their teachings were mainly in Sanskrit and Pali they also influenced the local language, the palm candy produced traditionally in this region, but the more common explanation in Sri Lanka is that it comes from the Sinhala ""ratna"" meaning gems and ""pura"" meaning city .
Michael ""Mike"" O'Brien is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 175th legislative district .
Máiréad Nesbitt is an Irish classical and Celtic music performer, most notably as a fiddle player and violinist .
Milai Vanuatu Limited is a limited liability company specializing in growing and producing 100% natural beef .
Memex Technology Limited is a Scottish software company delivering mission-critical information systems and services for the Law Enforcement and Security markets .
Shepherds Friendly Society is a UK friendly society and one of the oldest mutual insurers in the world .
Mark Indelicato is an American actor, singer, fashion blogger, and photographer best known for his role in the ABC comedy series Ugly Betty, as Justin Suarez, the fashion-obsessed nephew of series protagonist Betty Suarez .
Dmitry Yurievich Malikov is a Russian composer, singer, and a recent record producer .
Ashan Pillai In 2014 he was appointed professor in Musica en Compostela, the prestigious summer festival which especializes in Spanish music .
Kiev Governorate was an administrative division of the Russian Empire in 1796 until the Soviet administrative reform of the 1920s .
Kumon Education and Research Association of Japan is a corporation and an education brand created by Toru Kumon .
Patrick Mendis is an educator, diplomat, author, and executive in government service in the United States, who is currently a distinguished senior fellow and affiliate professor of public and international affairs in the School of Public Policy at George Mason University .
Indramayu is the capital of Indramayu Regency in the West Java province of Indonesia, and located in the north coastal area of West Java, east from Jakarta, north-east from the city of Bandung, and north-west of the city of Cirebon .
The Midwestern United States, or the Midwest, is one of the four geographic regions defined by the United States Census Bureau, occupying the northern central part of the country .
Robert Lenard ""Bob"" Bogle was a founding member of the instrumental combo The Ventures .
Loco Dice is a German DJ and electronic music producer born and based in Düsseldorf .
The Papyrus Platform from Swiss software vendor ISIS Papyrus is a consolidated solution that brings together Adaptive Case Management standard as defined by OASIS, of which ISIS Papyrus is a foundational sponsor .
Sescoi is a developer of industrial software for computer-aided manufacturing, enterprise resource planning and extended enterprise productivity .
Elizabeth is both the largest city and the county seat of Union County, New Jersey, United States .
Kaine Bennett Charleston is an Australian film producer, film and stage actor, known for playing the Sydney News Director in the film Frost/Nixon, also Aussie Alex and Paramedic Brad on TLC's Untold Stories of the ER .
Rwenzururu is a region in the Rwenzori Mountains of Uganda on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as an armed historical movement to achieve either autonomy or sovereignty for that region, and the name of a kingdom declared in that region .
The National Counties Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Epsom, Surrey .
Kundiawa is the capital of Simbu Province, Papua New Guinea, with a population of 8,147 to other towns .
In Greek mythology, King Coronaeus of Phocis was the father of Coronis, who was changed into a crow by Athena as she fled from Poseidon .
Mexicoach is a private transportation operator that provides cross-border service in the San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan area .
The Vijayanagara Empire , referred to as the Kingdom of Bisnegar by the Portuguese, was an empire based in South India, in the Deccan Plateau region .
Stephenson Clarke Shipping Limited, established in 1730, in liquidation 26 July 2012, was Great Britain's oldest shipping company .
TradeKing is a privately held discount brokerage firm with headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and subsidiary offices in Charlotte, North Carolina .
Landscape Ontario Horticultural Trades Association was founded in 1973 by combining three separate horticultural associations into one .
Advent International is an American global private equity firm focused on buyouts of companies in Western and Central Europe, North America, Latin America and Asia .
William Duncan ""Bill"" Schuette is an American Republican politician and the Attorney General of Michigan .
The Community of Madrid was designated as the capital of the community as well as has been explicitly designated as the capital of the country by the 1978 Constitution .
The Sabres Hockey Network is the official radio and television broadcast network of the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League .
States of Colombia existed from February 27, 1855, in the Republic of New Granada and the Granadine Confederation, were they were called ""federal states"" .
The InterProse Corporation, abbreviated InterProse, is a multinational computer software and technology corporation headquartered in Vancouver, Washington, USA .
Bogdan Titomir is a Russian musician, rapper and DJ, who began his career in a popular 1990s duo Car-Man .
Alvarado Street Bakery is a worker-owned bakery located in Petaluma, California that produces certified organic whole grain breads and bagels .
Michael Sean McMorrow is an American musician, composer, and producer, and founding member of jam band Stolen Ogre .
The Lopez Holdings Corporation, also known as the Lopez Group of Companies is a Filipino business conglomerate owned by the López family of Iloilo .
Samuel Castelán Marini, better known as Samuel Castelli is a singer who won the fifth season of the Mexican reality show La Academia .
Halstead Property is an American residential real estate brokerage firm, headquartered in the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York .
United International Bank is an overseas Chinese bank in the United States, and headquartered in New York City, New York, United States .
The National Academies Forum was replaced in May 2010 by the Australian Council of Learned Academies .
Karaikal , when it was incorporated into the Indian Union along with the rest of French India .
Canesta is a fabless semiconductor company founded in April 1999 by Cyrus Bamji, Abbas Rafii, and Nazim Kareemi .
Stefan Lord is a retired Swedish professional darts player, who competed in British Darts Organisation events, and is one of the country's most successful players .
D&B Software was formed by the merger of the Management Science America and McCormack & Dodge companies in June 1990, under the ownership of the Dun & Bradstreet corporation .
Canada is a country in North America consisting of ten provinces and three territories .
Kelly George is a social media, public relations and communication professional, and former officer in the United States Air Force, and a beauty queen from Mission Viejo, California who competed for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
The Duchy of Salzburg , with the exception of the Salzburg's share of the left bank of the River Salzach, the so-called Rupertiwinkel, which, like Berchtesgaden, remained in Bavaria .
Kuwait have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 1982 it was known as the golden generation team .
Alan Fine member Stephen Ames, CBS golf commentator and Ryder Cup participant David Feherty, and PGA European Tour members Colin Montgomerie, Phillip Price, Paul Lawrie, Bradley Dredge and David Llewellyn .
The National Transmission Corporation is a Philippine government corporation created in 2001 by the Electric Power Industry Reform Act currently operating the nation's power grid .
Carol Cox is the stage name of Carol McAlear, a Canadian sex worker and the star of www .
Zangezursky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Gorysy from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1921 by Soviet authorities .
The Kingdom of Jolof , also known as Wolof and Wollof, was a West African rump state located in what is today the nation of Senegal .
The Confederate Memorial Gates in Mayfield are historical monuments that represent the entrance to Maplewood Cemetery in Mayfield, Kentucky .
The Territory of Utah was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from September 9, 1850, until January 4, 1896, when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Utah .
Supermercado La Franco Italiana is a chain of supermarkets, located in the Paraguaná Peninsula of Venezuela .
Neda Ukraden is a pop singer born in Croatia, who grew up in Bosnia and is currently living in Serbia .
Tammy Irons was a Democratic member of the Alabama State Senate, representing the 1st District from 2006, after a special election, until 2014 .
Turku , Turku continued to be the most populous city in Finland until the end of the 1840s, and it remains a regional capital and an important business and cultural centre .
The EU three refers to a grouping which includes the EU 3 and China, Russia, and the United States .
Gubkinsky Urban Okrug in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, one of the three urban okrugs in the oblast .
Axel Patricio Fernando Witteveen Pardo , commonly known as Axel Fernando or simply Axel, is an Argentine singer and song-writer .
The Fundamental Statute for the Secular Government of the States of the Church was the constitution of the Papal States conceded by Pope Pius IX as a result of the 1848 Revolutions .
John Matthews better known by his stage name Ricardo Autobahn is an English producer, songwriter and musician .
Micro Power was a British company established in the early 1980s by former accountant Bob Simpson .
Konan Technology is a South Korea-based corporation specializing in search engine technology and multimedia asset management software .
Sidney Mathias is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, who represented the 53rd district from 1999 to 2013 .
Joseph Thomas Lee, better known by his stage name Deadlee, is an American rapper and songwriter based in Los Angeles, California .
Oppenheimer Holdings is an investment bank and full-service investment firm offering investment banking, financial advisory services, capital markets services, asset management, wealth management, and related products and services worldwide .
Mickaël Zidro Tavares is a French-born Senegalese footballer, who is currently playing for Australian club Sydney FC in the A-League .
Giorgio DeLuca is a founder of the gourmet grocery store Dean & DeLuca with his partner Joel Dean .
Christian Scott, also known as Christian aTunde Adjuah is an American jazz trumpeter, composer and producer .
The Free State of Waldeck-Pyrmont, later the Free State of Waldeck, was a constituent state of the Weimar Republic .
Erik Balling was nominated for a Golden Palm at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival, and for an Oscar as Best Foreign Language Film .
Hideo ""Pops"" Yoshimura was a motorcycle tuner, race team owner and manufacturer of speciality motorcycle accessories .
Vital Forsikring ASA, branded as Vital is Norway's largest life insurance and pension insurance company, and part of the DnB NOR Group .
Malcolm Rogers CBE is a British-born, American curator and art museum head who has served as the director of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, since 1994 .
In Greek mythology, Ilione was the oldest daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy .
OTP banka is a bank operating in Serbia, with its headquarters in Novi Sad .
Temperzone is a large-sized business specialising in manufacturing air conditioning units and ventilation equipment for both residential and commercial markets .
Giovan Francesco Rustici, or Giovanni Francesco Rustici, , named him one of the principal sculptors of Tuscany, the peer of Benedetto da Maiano, Andrea Sansovino and Michelangelo .
Sic Squared Records is an Australian independent record label established in 1999 to promote Western Australian heavy rock bands .
D-topia Entertainment is a Japanese record label produced by Terukado Ōnishi, officially established in public prior to December 14, 2007 .
Valentine Harris , commonly referred to as Val Harris, was an Irish footballer who played Gaelic football for Dublin and soccer for, among others Shelbourne, Everton and Ireland .
Damascus above sea-level, Damascus experiences a semi-arid climate due to the rain shadow effect .
The Carthaginian Republic, also known as the Carthaginian Empire in the Phoenician language, was founded in 814 BC .
Jeanmarie Simpson is an American feminist, peace activist and theatre artist, best known for writing and starring in the play and film, A Single Woman, based on the life of first US Congresswoman, Jeannette Rankin .
Keith Powell is an American television actor who is known for his role as James ""Toofer"" Spurlock on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock .
Vortex Optics is an American company developing optics for hunting, bird watching, wildlife watching, outdoor recreational sports, and law enforcement .
Antsiranana , named Diego-Suarez prior to 1975, is a city at the northern tip of Madagascar .
Takuro Kubo is one of the guitarists and leader of the popular Japanese rock band Glay .
Stephen Valiquette is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender who most recently played for HC Valpellice of the Serie A Italian league .
Sportsman's Warehouse is an outdoor sporting goods retailer which operates in 18 states across the United States, including Alaska .
Horizon Scientific Press is a privately owned publishing company that publishes books on microbiology, molecular biology, virology, biotechnology and PCR .
Duchy of Saint Sava for the province which was transformed into an Ottoman sanjak .
Tshilidzi Marwala born 28 July 1971 in Venda, Transvaal, South Africa is a Deputy Vice Chancellor at the University of Johannesburg .
Jennifer Victoria Cole is an American model, actress and game show Finance at Oglethorpe University .
Strategic Foresight Group is a think tank based in India that works on global issues .
Aviapartner, whose origins date back to 1949 under the name of Herfurth Air Services to become 'Belgavia' in the late 1960s, is a Belgian company that provides aircraft ground handling services at 32 airports in Belgium, France, Germany, Italy and The Netherlands .
The Kalmar Union or Union of Calmar gave rise to a conflict that would hamper the union in several intervals from the 1430s until its definite breakup in 1523 when Gustav Vasa became king of Sweden .
The Margraviate of Landsberg after the retirement of Margrave Conrad from the Wettin dynasty in 1156 and held by his son Dietrich I .
Xīníng is the capital of Qinghai province in western China, and the largest city on the Tibetan Plateau .
Lovin' Scoopful is a private company categorized under Ice Cream and Frozen Desserts-Distributors, located in Seattle, Washington .
Pacific Biosciences is a biotechnology company founded in 2004 that develops and manufactures systems for gene sequencing and some novel real time biological observation .
The Kingdom of Castile was one of the medieval kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula .
The Warka Brewery is one of Poland's oldest breweries and belongs to the Żywiec Group .
The Upper Aulaqi Sheikhdom was a state in the British Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia .
Meg Rosoff won the annual Carnegie Medal from the British librarians recognising the year's best children's book published in the U .
Alexander & Catalano is an Upstate New York based law firm practicing in the area of personal injury and worker's compensation related cases .
Security Service Federal Credit Union is a federally insured, federally chartered, $8 billion, natural person credit union with more than 925,000 members, operating from 70 service centers in the U .
Dabboo Ratnani is a leading Indian fashion photographer, known for his annual calendar which has become a highly notable showbiz event in India since its first publication in 1999 .
Kathleen Van Brempt , born in Wilrijk, is a Belgian social-democratic politician and member of the SP-A .
Gardner Francis Cooper Fox was an American writer best known for creating numerous comic book characters for DC Comics .
Central Darfur is one of the states of Sudan, and one of five comprising the Darfur region .
Angela Athena Pippos , is an Australian journalist, television/radio presenter, author, MC and public speaker, of Greek heritage .
Keith Watson is a Scottish footballer who currently plays in defence for Hibernian, on loan from Dundee United .
Bruker Corporation is a manufacturer of scientific instruments for molecular and materials research, as well as for industrial and applied analysis .
Exim Bank , is a commercial bank in Tanzania, the second-largest economy in the East African Community .
Lieutenant-Colonel Vladimir Peniakoff DSO MC , nicknamed Popski, was the founder and commanding officer of Popski's Private Army .
Schuberth GmbH is a German producer of safety helmets, producing combat helmets for Bundeswehr, protective headgear for Formula One, motorcycles and industrial workers .
Khaisilk is the brand name of many fashion shops, coffee shops, restaurants and resort in Vietnam .
For other, similarly named persons, see Pat McCormick is an American journalist and writer of realistic fiction for young adults .
Pearson eCollege is an on-demand, or software as a service and acquired by Pearson in 2007 .
Sincelejo , a subdivision of the Caribbean Region of Colombia, and the 23rd biggest city by population in Colombia .
The so-called Republic of Crema was a revolutionary municipality in Lombardy, which was created when French army entered in Crema on 28 March 1797 .
Angel Air is an English independent record label established in February 1997, specialising in reissues of classic pop and rock albums originally issued in the 1960s and 1970s , formed by Peter and Shirley Purnell .
Mariko Peters which she led with a group of experts, crowd-sourcing the preamble in a competition .
Portland is the largest city in the state of Maine and the county seat of Cumberland County .
Boloco is the brand name of an American chain of restaurants that serves burritos, wraps, salads, shakes and smoothies .
Princedom of Albania was an Albanian principality formed after the disestablishment of Kingdom of Albania, by Karl Thopia .
Short's Brewing Company is a brewpub and microbrewery housed in a refurbished, 100 year-old hardware store located in Bellaire, Michigan, United States .
Kazumi Tabata , and lives in Massachusetts in the United States where he teaches regularly .
First Federal Bank of the Midwest, is an Ohio based savings association based in Defiance, Ohio .
Anna Walton is an English actress known for her roles in Vampire Diary, Mutant Chronicles, and the compassionate Princess Nuala in Hellboy II: The Golden Army, also starring her fellow Mutant co-star Ron Perlman as Hellboy .
Tony Mordente , Busting Loose, Love, Sidney, Family Ties, Day by Day, and Burke's Law, among other television shows .
Fabio Testi is an Italian film actor, notable as the star of, among many other films, First Action Hero .
Knoll, Inc is a design firm that produces office systems, seating, files and storage, tables and desks, textiles , Frank Gehry, Maya Lin and Eero Saarinen under the company's KnollStudio division .
Principality of Bitlis was the son of Shams al-Din the prince of Bitlis and grandson of Sharaf Khan .
Martine Batchelor , a former Jogye Buddhist nun, is the author of several books on Buddhism currently residing in France .
The Emirate of Nejd was the second Saudi state that existed during the early to late 19th century .
Voidstar Productions is a Massachusetts based record label, distributor, production company and artists collective specializing in industrial, noise, i .
Freaking News is a news oriented Photoshop contest site, that came online August 2, 2002 and officially opened on October 23, 2003 as a sister site of Worth1000 .
Tan e Hijos is one of the main foreign funded real estate development and construction company of Spain, based in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain .
Beneficial Financial Group is an insurance and financial services company based in Salt Lake City, Utah .
Jay Leonhart is a noted bassist and songwriter working in jazz and popular music .
The Kurobe Gorge Railway narrow gauge railway company operating the Kurobe Gorge Main Line along the Kurobe River in the Kurobe gorge area of Toyama Prefecture, Japan .
Mark Kalin and Jinger Leigh are an award-winning American magic couple known for large-scale stage shows and for appearances on network television specials .
Kim Dingle is a Los Angeles-based contemporary artist working in paint, sculpture and installation .
NoordNed Personenvervoer bv was a public transport company operating trains and buses in the north and northeast of the Netherlands .
Amanda Harrison is an Australian actress and singer, known for her roles in Wicked between 13–15 February .
Olivier Ledroit is a French comic book artist, perhaps best known for his work on the Black Moon Chronicles series .
Asia Aluminum is the largest aluminum extrusion group in Asia, with an annual designed capacity of 350,000 metric tons .
The Captain General of the Church , which later became hereditary in the Naro Patrizi .
American Plus Bank , a Chinese American community bank headquartered in Arcadia, California, was founded on August 8, 2007 .
The Koinon of the Zagorisians , alternatively Commons of the Zagorisians, League of the Zagorisians, League of Zagori, or Nohaye Zagor in Turkish, was an autonomous region of the Ottoman Empire .
Severn Lamb, sometimes known as Severn-Lamb, are manufacturers of various forms of transport systems and equipment, principally aimed at the leisure market .
Michael Carton is a hurler who plays inter-county senior hurling for Dublin and for his club O'Tooles .
Alotau is the capital of Milne Bay Province, in the south-east of Papua New Guinea .
Cái Đôi Vàm is a township and capital town of Phú Tân District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam .
Plymouth Colony was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 to 1691 .
TechSmith Corporation is a software company developing screencasting tools, including screen capture, recording and editing software, for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS such as Camtasia and Snagit .
Genesis Emerging Markets Fund Ltd is a large Guernsey-incorporated, London-based closed-end investment fund focused predominantly on holdings in the stock markets of emerging economies .
Adiabene moved to Jerusalem where she built palaces for herself and her sons, Izates bar Monobaz and Monobaz II at the northern part of the city of David, south of the Temple Mount .
Raymond Grant, 11th Baron de Longueuil was a nobleman possessing the only French colonial title to be officially recognized by the British Crown .
Tony Matterhorn is a dancehall reggae deejay and sound system selector from Kingston, Jamaica .
The Transkei , was a Bantustan—an area set aside for members of a specific ethnicity—and nominal parliamentary democracy in the southeastern region of South Africa .
Inga Skaya is a Canadian model of Russian descent who was crowned Miss Universe Canada 2007 on March 4, 2007 .
Griqualand West is an area of central South Africa with an area of 40,000 km² that now forms part of the Northern Cape Province .
The General Command of the Armed Forces of South Russia and, in March 1920, the South Russian Government .
Diler & Associados is an independent film production company specializing in all aspects of film production, from initial script development all the way through to final distribution .
Brice Foods was a company based out of Dallas, Texas, and was the parent of the frozen yogurt franchise I Can't Believe It's Yogurt .
Hervé Chapelier is a French fashion accessories company based in Paris that specializes in handbags .
Stephen Thadius ""Steve"" Crompton Gibb is an English musician and the first-born son of Barry Gibb and Linda Gibb .
Montreal Locomotive Works was a Canadian railway locomotive manufacturer which existed under several names from 1883–1985, producing both steam and diesel locomotives .
Kaunas is the second-largest city in Lithuania and has historically been a leading centre of Lithuanian economic, academic, and cultural life .
Brandon Robert Stripling Buddy is an American actor who is known for playing Cole Thornhart on ABC's daytime soap opera One Life to Live from October 10, 2006 until November 10, 2010 .
Aker Pusnes , established in 1875, is a designer and supplier of all types of deck machinery and mooring systems for marine and offshore applications .
Thanlyin is a major port city of Burma, located across Bago River from the city of Yangon .
Ryan Andrew Speier is a former right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who last played for the independent Southern Maryland Blue Crabs in 2012 .
The Kingdom of Loango, also known as the Kingdom of Lwããgu, was a pre-colonial African state from approximately the 15th to the 19th century in what is now the Republic of the Congo .
Cordis Corporation has been developing and manufacturing diagnostic and interventional products to treat patients who suffer from coronary and peripheral vascular diseases .
Beau Burchell is an American musician, record producer, and audio engineer from Orange County, California .
Startime International is an imprint of Columbia Records in New York City started and run by Isaac Green .
Explore Scientific is a company founded by former Meade Instruments Vice President of Brand Community Scott W .
Eve Golden is a biographer whose work focuses on American silent film, theater and early twentieth century actresses .
Royal Wood is a Canadian singer-songwriter, record producer and arranger based in Toronto, Ontario, who has released two EPs, five albums and one companion album .
Eventis was a mobile network operator in Moldova, employing the GSM standard on 900 and 1800 MHz frequency bands .
The President, Directors and Company, of the Bank of the United States, commonly known as the First Bank of the United States, was a national bank, chartered for a term of twenty years, by the United States Congress on February 25, 1791 .
Jorge Alvarez, also known by his stage names Kurious Jorge or Kurious, is an East Coast underground hip hop artist .
The Owyhee Avalanche is a weekly newspaper in Homedale, Idaho, United States, which is published Wednesday mornings and serves the Owyhee County area of Southwestern Idaho .
Thomas Cook Group plc is a British global travel company listed on the London Stock Exchange .
The Hospice of Baton Rouge, also known as Hospice Foundation of Greater Baton Rouge, is a not-for-profit hospice, which has served the Greater Baton Rouge, Louisiana metropolitan area since its inception in 1984 .
Joshua Joseph Thomson is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in the UFC's Lightweight division .
Launched in 2003, Real Talk Entertainment is a privately held Sacramento, California based hip hop record label .
Dimitrije ""Dimitri"" Davidović is a Belgian of Serbian descent former football player, and a football manager .
The Tour de Cure is a series of fundraising cycling events held in 44 states nationwide to benefit the American Diabetes Association .
Koblenz was one of the - at last - three Regierungsbezirke of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located in the north-east of the state .
Manley Burke is a legal professional association which publishes the Fraternal Law newsletter that deals with law related to North American fraternities and sororities .
TriWest Healthcare Alliance is a Phoenix, Arizona based corporation that manages health benefits under the United States Department of Defense TRICARE program in the 21-state TRICARE West Region .
Michael Pärt, sometimes spelled ""Michael Paert"", , is a music producer and co-founded and chairs Arvo Pärt Centre .
Michael ""Mike"" Royko was a Chicago newspaper columnist, winner of the 1972 Pulitzer Prize for commentary .
Montagne Jeunesse is a beauty-product business based in Baglan Energy Park, South Wales, UK and sold in 82 countries worldwide and listed in over 1000 international retail chains across all of the major global retailers .
Ivoclar Vivadent AG is a worldwide dental company that produces a range of products and systems for dentists and dental technicians .
There are 193 United Nations , intergovernmental organizations, and other international organizations and entities whose statehood or sovereignty are not precisely defined, to become observers at the General Assembly, allowing them to participate and speak, but not vote, in General Assembly meetings .
Blackburn Aircraft Limited was a British aircraft manufacturer that concentrated mainly on naval and maritime aircraft during the first part of the 20th century .
Piers Baron is a UK-born, Los Angeles-based award-winning Film Composer, Record Producer and Musician .
Nalagarh is a city and a municipal committee in Solan district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh .
Brian Stelter is the senior media correspondent for CNN and the host of Reliable Sources .
Earle Wines is a long standing British wine and spirit merchant, which began trading in 1992 .
Carlo Aquino is a Filipino actor and musician known for being the lead singer of the band Kollide and formerly on JCS with John Prats and Stefano Mori .
Arpenik Charents , recollected her father's 6000-volume library, researched and spread the literary work and life story of Yeghishe Charents all over the country .
Metro Pacific Investments Corporation is a Philippine-based unit investment holding corporation of the First Pacific Company Limited through Metro Pacific Holdings, Inc .
Benjamin Blech, born in Zurich in 1933, is an Orthodox rabbi who now lives in New York City .
The Kingdom of Kotte , was a kingdom that flourished in Sri Lanka during the 15th century .
FILE - Electronic Language International Festival is a New media art festival that usually takes place in three different cities of Brazil: São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Porto Alegre and it has also participated in others events around the world .
Nils Gösta Christer Sturmark, born 7 September 1964 in Danderyd, Stockholm County, is a Swedish author, IT-entrepreneur and prominent debater on religion and humanism in Swedish media .
Banks Broadcasting was a minority-owned broadcasting company which owned two television stations in the western United States .
Starchaser Industries is a privately owned company based in the UK whose principal aim is to become a viable business in space tourism .
Pará , tropical hardwoods such as mahogany, and minerals such as iron ore and bauxite .
Takashi Shiina In 2003, Shiina introduced another of his many ideas in Shōnen Sunday in short form: Zettai Karen Children, about three young girls with great psychic powers and terrifying ambitions .
The Transit Australia Group is an Australian bus transport group based on the Gold Coast in Queensland owned by Joe and Tony Calabro .
Visabeira is a Portugal-based international conglomerate with interests in telecommunications, construction, industry, tourism, real estate, and service industries .
Saint-Domingue , also referred as French Santo Domingo, was a French colony on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola from 1659 to 1804 .
Rampur About this sound pronunciation is a city and a municipality in and headquarters of Rampur District in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
South Kordofan Sudan, South Kordofan is the only state that is producing oil, the ethnic Nubans who live there are being targeted by the northern military .
René Ríos Boettiger resulted in a sculpture of Condorito memorializing Rios being installed in the Chilean House of Culture in San Miguel .
British rule in Burma lasted from 1824 to 1948, from the Anglo-Burmese wars through the creation of Burma as a Province of British India to the establishment of an independently administered colony, and finally independence .
Kalemat Arabia is a publishing company that was founded in 2007 in Cairo, Egypt, as an initiative to bridge the gap between the Arab and the western culture, by means of facilitating access to western knowledge for the Arab reader by providing translations of the Western cultural and intellectual best books into Arabic .
Sasha ""The Basha, Pitbull"" Lakovic is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for 17 different professional teams during his career .
Simply Audiobooks is a privately held e-commerce company that offers audiobooks for rental, downloading, and sale .
Tetra, JSC is a Ukrainian company, manufacturer of devices and equipment for searching and measuring of ionizing radiations .
BNP Paribas Corporate and Investment Banking for the quarter, up 81 percent from the second quarter of 2008, and following record revenues of €3 .
In 980 AD, descendents of Chalukyas and Kadambas rose against Rashtrakutas and Rashtrakuta empire fell resulting in establishment of second Chalukya dynasty .
Electrotherm Limited an ISO 9001:2008 certified, public limited company, was founded in 1983 to cater to the needs of all segments of steel industry, foundries and heat treatment industry .
Stericycle is a global business-to-business services company that provides an array of highly specialized solutions serving health care organizations and commercial businesses of every size and shape .
Adamjee Jute Mill was established in Narayanganj, Bangladesh, in 1951, by Adamjee Group, immediately after Bawa Jute Mills .
Grogol Petamburan is a subdistrict of West Jakarta, Indonesia, roughly bounded by the West Flood Canal to the east, Angke Canal to the west and to the north, and Jakarta-Merak Tollway to the south .
Prince Waldemar Stephen of Schaumburg-Lippe is a son of Prince Christian of Schaumburg-Lippe and Princess Feodora of Denmark, and the great-grandson of King Frederick VIII of Denmark .
The State of Hanover was a short-lived state within the British zone of Allied-occupied Germany .
Reza Sadeghi In an interview with Tehran TV program ""Shabe Shishei"", Reza Sadeghi explained that as an infant, due to an extreme fever, his penicillin shot was botched .
The Philippine Tarsier Foundation, Incorporated sanctuary or forest reservation, nestled within a larger protected forest where about a thousand other Philippine tarsier are believed to live, protected by a permanent logging ban .
Lahe is a town in Naga Hills of Sagaing Division on the northwest frontier of Burma .
Adrian Piccoli is an Australian politician representing the electoral district of Murrumbidgee in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Vallagarina is one of the sixteen districts of Trentino in the Italian region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol .
Lori Lewis is an American opera singer and soprano currently residing in Salem, Oregon graduate in the University of Kansas, she is a vocalist and official member of the Swedish symphonic metal band Therion .
Robert Dudley ""Bob"" Tuke was the Democratic nominee for the 2008 United States Senate election in Tennessee, having won the Democratic primary in August .
Italian Tripolitania was an Italian colony, located in present-day western Libya, that existed from 1927 to 1934 .
Kebba Ceesay is a Gambian footballer who plays Lech Poznań in the Polish Ekstraklasa as a defender .
The Duchy of Athens was one of the Crusader States set up in Greece after the conquest of the Byzantine Empire during the Fourth Crusade, encompassing the regions of Attica and Boeotia, and surviving until its conquest by the Ottoman Empire in the 15th century .
Nunavut on Baffin Island, in the east, was chosen by the 1995 capital plebiscite .
Samsung C&T Corporation , established in 1938, is the original company of the Samsung Group and currently consists of the Engineering & Construction Group and the Trading & Investment Group .
Anatoly Mikhailovich Kashpirovsky is a Russian psychotherapist of Ukrainian origin, hypnotist and a controversial psychic healer who enjoyed great popularity in the Soviet Union .
The Great Horde, also called the Big Horde, was the steppe remnant of the Golden Horde from about 1466 until 1502 .
Casino Zodiak is a Kazakh-American gaming company which operates a number of casinos in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Egypt, and Northern Cyprus .
Makedonski Telekom AD is a telecommunications company in the Republic of Macedonia with headquarters in Skopje .
Zetnet is one of the UK's oldest ISPs and according to New Scientist is the brainchild of Ghufar Razaq and Graeme Storey .
Digby Ioane is an Australian professional rugby union footballer playing for the Stade Français Paris club in the Top 14 competition .
Jamie White is an American radio personality and actress who is most notable for having hosted mornings on KYSR Star 98 .
Lajtabánság , recruited from peasants and students devoted to retaining the region rather than surrender it to Austria .
The Hungarian March in the Puster Valley, which he may have received as compensation for losing his march .
Kingsoft GmbH is a computer and video game software distributor, headquartered in Aachen, Germany, and founded in 1983 .
Henschel & Son by the addition of a removable shell over the old steam locomotive .
John Macaluso is an American drummer who has played for Ark, TNT, Yngwie J .
Juris George Mikelsons is a former airline executive and airline pilot in the United States and the founder of ATA Airlines .
SEED, also known as Schlumberger Excellence in Educational Development, is a global non-profit educational outreach organization within Schlumberger Limited, the global oilfield services company .
Koumbi Saleh, sometimes Kumbi Saleh is the site of a ruined medieval town in south east Mauritania that may have been the capital of the Ghana Empire .
Stefan Ludik is a Namibian musician, television personality and former cricketer from Windhoek City .
Betsy Russell is an American actress who is best known for her role in Private School, and as Jill Tuck, one of the primary characters of the Saw film series .
Paul Hornschemeier is a cartoonist based in Evanston, Illinois, known for his thought-provoking explorations of the layered complexities of human life in his work .
Orana Incorporated is a not-for-profit organisation that provides a diverse range of training and support services to over five hundred people with disabilities and their families in South Australia .
The Kingdom of Laos was a constitutional monarchy that ruled Laos beginning with its independence on November 9, 1953 .
Calamari Productions is an independent television and digital media production company specializing in child welfare and juvenile justice programming .
Antony of Siya was a Russian Orthodox monk who was proclaimed a saint after his death .
The United States of America has been a member-state of the United Nations since its inception as a supranational entity in 1945 .
Leandro Fernández is an Argentine comic book artist, known for his work on various Marvel comic book titles .
Ivan Menjivar is a Salvadoran-Canadian mixed martial artist who formerly fought in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Lexent Metro Connect was a New York City based neutral telecommunications provider that owned, operated, built and maintained its own dark fiber network in New York, Northern New Jersey, and surrounding areas .
Switzerland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 55 times since making its debut at the first contest in 1956, missing only four contests, in 1995, 1999, 2001 and 2003 .
Milton Rogovin Pronounced ""ruh-GO-vin"" was a documentary photographer who has been compared to great social documentary photographers of the 19th and 20th centuries, such as Lewis Hine and Jacob Riis .
XIO Strategies is a woman-owned supply chain management and communications consulting firm, headquartered in Vienna, Virginia .
Brett Mitchell is an American conductor who is Assistant Conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra, Music Director of the Cleveland Orchestra Youth Orchestra, and Music Director of the Saginaw Bay Symphony Orchestra .
Chemeq was a publicly listed company which was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange on 25 August 1998 .
Azariah Southworth is an American writer and former television presenter who was the creator, host, and producer of The Remix, a syndicated reality show on the NRB, TBN, JCTV, and VTN networks .
Ubisoft Barcelona is a Spanish studio who develops video games, owned by the French company Ubisoft, which is located in Sant Cugat del Vallès – Barcelona - Spain .
Emperor Jomei was the 34th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession .
The National Film Development Corporation Malaysia is the central government agency for the film industry of Malaysia .
Hard Candy is an American cosmetics company, founded in 1995 by Iranian American sisters and Benjamin A .
Think Pink is an Italian sportswear brand offering apparel and accessories, for men, women, and children founded in the late 70s and come to success in the early eighties .
StraightOn Recordings is a Dutch record label that was founded by Pila, DJ Luna and The Scientist in 2000 .
Anthony ""Tony"" Foriest was a Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate, representing the 24th district, where he served two terms .
Rod Beattie is a Canadian actor who is best known for performing the Wingfield Series of plays by Dan Needles .
Palatinate-Lautern was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Kaiserslautern and Neustadt an der Weinstrasse in the south of modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Zimride connects inter-city drivers and passengers through social networking and is the largest rideshare program in the United States .
Imperial Hotels Group is a hotel conglomerate, based in Uganda, with operations in Kampala and Entebbe .
Reliance Life Insurance Company is one of the largest life insurance companies in India with a market share of 5% .
Paungbyin, also known as Pyaungbin or Phaungbyin, is a town in Mawlaik District, Sagaing Division, of Burma , on the Chindwin River .
B&G, formerly known as Brookes and Gatehouse, is a developer and manufacturer of advanced instrumentation systems for racing and cruising sailing yachts .
The Alumnae Theatre, known most often as The Alum, is the oldest theatre society in Toronto, Canada still in operation .
Harvard Common Press of Boston, Massachusetts, is an independent publisher of high-quality cookbooks and parenting books .
Rebecca Treston under the ring name Cookie and for ROH and Shimmer as a backstage/in-ring interviewer .
Jean-Marc Robitaille was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993 and is currently mayor of Terrebonne, Quebec .
Tekari is a town and a municipality in Gaya district in the Indian state of Bihar and was the centre of erstwhile Tekari Raj .
ChemAxon is a software company specializing in application programming interfaces and end user applications for cheminformatics and life science research with headquarters in Budapest, Hungary and Cambridge, Massachusetts .
The Kingdom of Kaffa was an early modern state located in what is now Ethiopia, with its first capital at Bonga .
Stephen Edward Foster , better known as Steve Foster, is an Australian singer DC fame .
Silvassa About this sound Pronunciations ; Gujarati: સેલ્વાસ; Portuguese: Silvassá) is the capital of the Indian Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli .
The Marble Brewery is a microbrewery in Manchester, England which makes cask ale from organic and vegetarian ingredients .
Q-workshop is a Polish company located in Poznań that specializes in designand production of polyhedral dice and dice accessories for use in various games .
Nicolás Maduro Moros is a Venezuelan politician who has been President of Venezuela since 2013 .
Richard Joel ""Rick"" Noriega was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 145 in eastern Houston, first elected in 1998 .
Harvey Stanley Hyde Blackburn who during World War I managed to fool medical staff at the time of his voluntary enlistment so that they did not observe his artificial left foot, which he had lost only a short time earlier .
Ottaplakkal Nambiyadikkal Velu Kurup candidate in the Thiruvananthapuram constituency for the Lok Sabha elections in 1989 .
Chyhyryn , Polish: Czehryń, is a city and important historic site located in the Cherkasy Oblast of central Ukraine .
Raymond Kaelbel was a French international footballer who was part of France national football team during 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Chiriquí is a province of Panama, it is located on the western coast of Panama, and it is also the second most developed province in the country, after the Panamá Province .
The Taifa of Arcos was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in two periods; first from 1011 to 1068 .
Igor Antón Hernández is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team, the Movistar Team .
The Kingdom of Italy was a French client state founded in Northern Italy by Napoleon I, fully influenced by revolutionary France, that ended with his defeat and fall .
Photonix Technologies, founded in 1989 in the Binghamton Metropolitan Area of Upstate New York, is a manufacturer of precision, high durability test instruments and accessories for the fiber optic communications market .
Vision Critical provides a cloud-based customer intelligence platform that allows companies to build engaged, secure communities of customers .
Christine Pedi is a television and theatre actress, as well as a cabaret performer and radio personality .
Dan Payne is a Canadian actor best known for playing the role of John in the television series Alice, I Think .
Kohler Mira Ltd is a plumbing company based in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire known for its brand of Mira showers, the most popular shower in the UK .
Jaime Jacqueline Koeppe is a Canadian professional fitness expert and the first winner of the WWE Diva Search in the summer of 2003 .
Francie and questioned about a bombing incident in the village of Claudy in 1972 .
eMachines was a brand of low-end PCs, based in Irvine, California, focusing on the lower end of the market .
Minisketch is an electronic dance music label, who produce mainly minimal, microhouse, techno and tech house .
Festo is a privately owned German industrial control and automation company based in Esslingen am Neckar, Germany .
Jerry Louis Maygarden was an American politician, and held many posts around his birthplace, Pensacola, Florida .
The Republic of Formosa was a short-lived republic that existed on the island of Taiwan in 1895 between the formal cession of Taiwan by the Qing Dynasty of China to the Empire of Japan by the Treaty of Shimonoseki and its invasion and occupation by Japanese troops .
Bermuda , also referred to in legal documents as the Bermudas or Somers Isles, is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean, located off the east coast of the United States .
Treaty of Big Tree was a formal treaty, held from August 20, 1797, until September 16, 1797, between the Seneca nation and the United States .
Breadsmith is a Milwaukee, Wisconsin-based bakery franchise organization that specializes in artisan breads, and has over 35 stores in the United States, mostly located in the Upper Midwest .
Max Neukirchner is a professional motorcycle racer currently competing in the IDM Superbike Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1 .
Alumniportal Deutschland is a non-profit online social network of ""Germany Alumni"" – designed for anyone from around the world who has studied, researched, worked or completed a training or a language course in Germany or at a German institution abroad .
Pixart SRL is a company based in Argentina dedicated to the development of free software, particularly the Rxart computer operating system, which is based on Debian .
Paul Johan du Toit was a South African artist, working in painting, sculpture, paper and mixed media .
Barfoot & Thompson is a privately owned, non-franchised real estate company based in Auckland, New Zealand .
for the subdistrict of Aceh see Teluk Dalam, AcehTeluk Dalam is a sub-district in the South Nias regency, North Sumatra province, Indonesia .
Carpatho-Ukraine was an autonomous region within Czechoslovakia from late 1938 to March 15, 1939 .
Long Điền is a township and town and capital of Long Điền District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam .
PersiaSYS Sdn Bhd is the name of a telecommunication company based on Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia licensed by Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission .
Solvac is a Belgian holding founded in 1983, which groups the investments of the descendants of Ernest Solvay in Solvay of which it is the largest single shareholder with 30% of its shares .
quattro GmbH is a wholly owned private subsidiary of the German automobile manufacturer AUDI AG, part of the Volkswagen Group .
Southern Ireland was a part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which later became the independent state of Ireland .
Limapuluh is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Batubara Regency .
Sergei Nikolaevich Martynov is a Belarusian politician who was Minister for Foreign Affairs of Belarus from 2004 to 2012 .
Ash Shatrah is a town in the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq, located on the Gharraf Canal at the intersection with Highway 7 .
David Lasater Ragsdale, has been the violinist for Kansas from 1991 to 1997 and from 2006 to the present .
The Britannic Empire was a short-lived breakaway state of the Roman empire in the late Roman Period .
Semboku Rapid Railway , with through operations to Nankai Electric Railway's Kōya Line up to Namba Station of southern downtown Osaka .
Oldsmobile was a brand of American automobiles produced for most of its existence by General Motors .
Fabian Pascal is a consultant to large software vendors such as IBM, Oracle Corporation, and Borland, but is better known as an author and seminar speaker .
Taebong or Later Goguryeo on the Korean peninsula in 901, during the Later Three Kingdoms period .
Elizabeth Kristine ""Elli"" Ochowicz is an Olympic speed skater who has competed in the three Winter Olympics .
The Principality of Halberstadt was a state of the Holy Roman Empire ruled by Brandenburg-Prussia .
Joe Crabtree is a session drummer based in London, England, most noted for his progressive rock work with Pendragon and David Cross .
Mong Mao, Möngmao or Mao kingdom was an ethnically Dai state that controlled several smaller Tai states or chieftainships along the frontier of what is now Myanmar and China in the Dehong region of Yunnan with a capital near the modern-day border town of Ruili .
Yotvingia ; Today this area corresponds mostly to the Podlaskie Voivodeship of Poland, part of Lithuania and a part of Hrodna Province and Brest Province of Belarus .
The Roman Republic can still be observed throughout Europe and much of the world in modern nation states and international organizations .
Zamora Chinchipe is a province of the Republicof Ecuador, located at the southeastern end of the Amazon Basin, which shares borders with the Ecuadorian provinces of Azuay and Morona Santiago to the north, Loja and Azuay to the west, and with Peru to the east and south .
The Great Harvest Bread Company is a franchise in the United States that sells fresh-baked bread and other items .
The Kingdom of Gumma was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 18th century .
Hong Ying Animation is an animation studio located in Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China and Shanghai, China .
Brian Ralston starring Gabrielle Anwar, Henry Ian Cusick and Dave Ortiz, the Magnolia Pictures teen heist movie Graduation directed by Mike Mayer and starring Adam Arkin, Shannon Lucio, Chris Marquette, Riley Smith and Chris Lowell, and the dramatic feature Don't Fade Away directed by Luke Kasdan, starring Beau Bridges, Mischa Barton and Ryan Kwanten .
Kino Nova is a Bulgarian movie-based channel, part of Nova Broadcasting Group, owned by Modern Times Group .
Nomad is a Japanese animation studio located in Suginami, Tokyo Prefecture, Japan formed by former Madhouse producer Tatsuya Ono and was originally established in July 2003 by former Studio Pierrot staff .
Singkil is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Aceh Singkil Regency .
Nippon Kayaku is a Japanese company that was founded in 1916 as the first industrial explosives manufacturer in Japan under the company name Nippon Kayaku Seizo Co .
Spanish Guinea was a Spanish colony in the Gulf of Guinea and on the Bight of Bonny, in Central Africa .
Jamie King is a creative director, choreographer, and producer whose work directing concert tours for pop stars has grossed over two billion dollars .
Regatta is a family-owned outdoor and leisure clothing company which has been established in the United Kingdom since 1981 .
Ian Anthonio Alvarez , better known by his stage name Bunji Garlin, is a ragga soca artist from Trinidad and Tobago .
Melih Abdulhayoğlu is a Turkish American entrepreneur and CEO of Comodo Group, an Internet security company he founded in the United Kingdom in 1998 and relocated to the US in 2004 .
The Medical Representatives Certification Commission, referred to as MRCC, is a private, not-for-profit certification company whose purpose is to establish national competency standards for medical representatives and validate those standards through certification examination .
Evelin Ilves is an Estonian businesswoman and the current First Lady of Estonia, married to Toomas Hendrik Ilves, the current President of Estonia .
The Martyrs Monument in Midway, located in Midway City Cemetery outside Midway, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission .
VISA Steel Limited is a mineral and metals company situated in the Kalinganagar industrial complex of Jajpur Odisha, India with a 1 .
Phoenix Integration was founded in 1995 to provide product development software to aerospace companies, defense contractors as well as heavy industry .
AOL TV was the name of both a thin client which uses a television for display , and the online service that supports it, both of which were launched in June 2000 to compete with WebTV .
Card Factory is a chain of greeting card and gift stores in United Kingdom founded by Dean Hoyle and his wife Janet; the first store opened in 1997 .
Hang Lung Group , established in 1960, is a private company listed company in Hong Kong, engaging in property development for sales and leasing, car park management, property management, and dry cleaning businesses .
The Southern States Energy Board is a multi-state regional organization created by an interstate compact approved by sixteen states and two United States territories, committed to promote economic development and quality of life in the southern United States through innovations in energy and the environment .
Chapel Hill Transit operates public bus and van transportation services within the contiguous municipalities of Chapel Hill and Carrboro and the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the southeast corner of Orange County in the Research Triangle metropolitan region of North Carolina .
The Principality of Lower Pannonia or Balaton Principality was a Slavic principality, vassal to the Frankish Empire, or according to others a comitatus of the Frankish Empire, led initially by a dux .
Amanda Helen Pennekamp is a former beauty queen from Columbia, South Carolina who has competed in the Miss USA and Miss Earth pageants .
Farhad Safinia is an Iranian-American screenwriter and film/TV producer, best known for Apocalypto and Boss .
Ladakh ""land of high passes"" , and the Nubra Valley to the north over Khardong La in the Ladakh Range .
Aliansce Shopping Centers is a shopping mall company founded in 2004 through a joint venture between the Brazilian company Nacional Iguatemi and the American GGP - General Growth Properties .
Andrew White , also known as ""Whitey"" is the lead and rhythm guitarist of the English alternative rock band Kaiser Chiefs, and their principal songwriter .
The Autonomous Region of Bougainville, previously known as the North Solomons Province, is an autonomous region in Papua New Guinea .
The Petit train d'Artouste is a narrow gauge tourist railway situated in the French Pyrenees close to the Spanish border, some 55 km and the end to end journey takes just under one hour .
Richard Murrian is a noted Paris-based American photographer, most known for his nude photography of girls .
ToadWorks is a guitar effect brand owned by Ryan Dunn and Doug Harrison based in Spokane, Washington .
Andrea Levin is director of the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America , a media watchdog group pro-Israel nonprofit, tax-exempt organization based in Boston .
Mosser Glass is a company making handmade glass, founded in Cambridge, Ohio, in 1970 by Thomas R .
ClearForest was a software company that developed and marketed text analytics and text mining solutions .
Super Talent Technology, headquartered in San Jose, California, designs and manufactures flash memory based storage products for enterprise servers, workstations, personal computers and consumer electronics .
Valerie Domínguez Tarud is a Colombian beauty pageant titleholder and actress who represented her country at Miss Universe 2006 where she finished in the Top 10 .
Issele-Uku is a city in Nigeria's Delta State and headquarters for the Local Government Area of Aniocha North, It is also the Episcopal See of the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Issele-Uku .
Ali Reza Eftekhari (Persian: علیرضا افتخاری ‎, March 30, 1956 in Isfahan, Iran is an Iranian vocalist of Iranian classical and popular music .
Anna Genover-Mas is a Catalan journalist and writer of children's books, one of which won the Vicenta Ferrer Vila de Paterna prize for the best children's literature book of 2007 .
The Territory of Nevada was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 2, 1861, until October 31, 1864, when it was admitted to the Union as the State of Nevada .
In Greek mythology, Machaon healed Philoctetes, Telephus and Menelaus, after he sustained an arrow at the hand of Pandarus, during the war .
Eugene Anthony DePasquale is a Democratic politician who is serving as the Pennsylvania Auditor General .
Pampa Energía is the largest electricity company in Argentina, which through its subsidiaries participates in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity .
Sue Upton is an English comic actress and dancer, best known for her many appearances on The Benny Hill Show .
Santiago de Cali , the 1992 World Wrestling Championships, ninth edition of the World Games in 2013 .
Carey Green is the current head coach of the Liberty University women's basketball team .
The Baltic News Service , it sought to inform foreign correspondents in Moscow of developments in the Baltic states' struggles for independence from the Soviet Union .
Barclayville, the capital and most populous settlement in Grand Kru County is located in southeastern Liberia about 10 miles inland from Picinicess .
Lisa Yee is a Chinese American writer and the author of Millicent Min, Girl Genius , was written .
Illusive Group is an independent Australian Record Label, Management and Touring company that represents acts including Bliss n Eso, Lowrider, Stonefield, Owl Eyes, Clubfeet, Diafrix, Lurch & chief & Lila Gold .
Gary ""Big Robbo"" Robson is a professional darts player from Cramlington, Northumberland, who is currently playing in British Darts Organisation events .
Thomas Meluch is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, writer, and photographer, best known by his pseudonym Benoît Pioulard .
Abdur Rahman Chughtai was a painter and intellectual from Pakistan, who created his own unique, distinctive painting style influenced by Mughal art, miniature painting, Art Nouveau and Islamic art traditions .
Shore Tilbe Irwin + Partners , now Shore Tilbe Perkins+Will, is an architecture firm based in Toronto, Ontario .
The Bascol Group, at present embraces companies within the sectors of Construction, Property Development and Asset Management .
Astonfield Renewables is a renewable energy company that builds, owns, and operates utility-scale solar power plants in emerging markets .
CoolTouch Monitors LLC is a private company based in Southern California that was founded in 2005 .
Elysian Airlines is an airline based at Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport in Yaoundé, Cameroon, and had additional significant operations at Spriggs Payne Airport in Monrovia, Liberia, and at Conakry International Airport in Conakry, Guinea .
Federal Pretzel Baking Company of South Philadelphia was the first large scale manufacturing soft pretzel factory in Philadelphia and the United States of America .
Chandra Bhushan Singh is an Indian politician who was a member of the 13th and 14th Lok Sabhas for Farrukhabad in Uttar Pradesh .
Stavanger , which is the second largest exhibition and conference for the energy sector .
Yehoshua Sofer is also the name of a victim of the June 2010 West Bank shooting .
Edelman is a public relations firm founded and named after Daniel Edelman and currently run by his son Richard Edelman .
The Socialist Republic of Macedonia was one of the six republics forming the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and a socialist nation-state of the Macedonians .
Tuotantotalo Werne is a Finnish company that provides audio-visual productions in Finland and all across the Baltic .
Chenab Group is a Pakistani conglomerate and one of the largest exporters of home textile products from Pakistan .
The quaestura exercitus was a peculiar administrative district of the Eastern Roman Empire with a seat in Odessus established by Emperor Justinian I on May 18, 536 .
Fatick is a town in Senegal, located between M'bour and Kaolack and inhabited by the Serer people .
Elkhonon Goldberg is a neuropsychologist and cognitive neuroscientist known for his work in hemispheric specialization and the ""novelty-routinization"" theory .
Hertel Wax is an American company which produces ski wax, snowboard wax, skate wax and accessories .
Idea A Day is a web-based ideas bank founded in London in August 2000 by music executive David Owen, advertising creatives Chas Bayfield and Becky Clarke, and teacher Rupert Kaye in partnership with the web development company Fortune Cookie .
James Dolan was a Scottish professional footballer, who played for Motherwell, Dundee United, Dunfermline Athletic, Livingston, Forfar Athletic and Partick Thistle .
The New York Rangers are a professional ice hockey team based in the borough of Manhattan in New York City .
When the Imperial Circles included in the newly implemented Burgundian, Austrian, Upper Saxon, and Electoral Rhenish circles, confirmed by the 1521 Diet of Worms .
The Wassoulou Empire, sometimes referred to as the Mandinka Empire, was a short-lived empire of West Africa built from the conquests of Dyula ruler Samori Touré and destroyed by the French colonial army .
Ektor Rivera is a Puerto Rican singer, host, actor, and painter more known for being one of the finalists of the first season of reality/talent show Objetivo Fama .
The Tallahassee Railroad was one of the first operational railroads in the United States headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida .
The Bell Punch Company was a British company manufacturing a variety of business machines, most notably several generations of public transport ticket machines and the world's first desktop electronic calculator, the Sumlock ANITA .
Chengdu, formerly romanized as Chengtu, is the provincial capital of Sichuan province in Southwest China, as well as a major city in Western China .
Sorin Dan Mihalache is a Romanian politician and former Member of the European Parliament .
Rabak is a city in southeastern Sudan and the capital of the Sudanese state of White Nile .
The Kingdom of Pontus or Pontic Empire was a state of Greek and Persian origin, they may even have been directly related to Darius the Great .
Đỗ Mỹ Linh , who uses the stagename Mỹ Linh, is a Vietnamese pop singer .
The Second Philippine Republic, officially known as the Republic of the Philippines , a piece of legislation passed on December 8, 1942, banning all existing political parties and creating the new governing alliance .
Mark Daniel Read is a British singer/songwriter, best known as member of the boy band A1 from 1998 to 2002, and 2009–present .
Taungtha or Thaungtha is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Burma River .
Jessica-Jane Stafford is a British glamour model, actress and TV presenter who is best known for starring in the BBC programme The Real Hustle .
Stephens Media LLC is a Las Vegas, Nevada, diversified media holding company that publishes over 11 daily and 64 weekly newspapers in nine states, primarily in Nevada and Arkansas .
Minita Chico-Nazario is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Anhui , because there were historically a State of Wan, a Mount Wan, and a Wan river in the province .
Phill Hartsfield was a Southern California sword and knifemaker based in Garden Grove, California who is noted for popularizing the chisel ground blade in the western world .
Clarks Village is a designer outlet shopping complex at Street in the English county of Somerset .
Goner Records is an independent record label and record store co-owned by Eric Friedl of The Oblivians and Zac Ives and is based in Memphis, Tennessee .
The Pappas Group is an interactive strategy, design and branding agency located in the Washington, DC area .
Stephen Lee Mansfield is an American author who writes about men's issues, leadership, history and modern culture .
PINEDA COVALIN is a Mexican fashion house which uses traditional patterns, figures and images from native Mexican cultures such as Mayan and Aztec .
Konk West ; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; Tokyo, Japan; and Barcelona, Spain, in addition to live shows throughout Europe .
San Miguel de Tucumán founded the city in 1565 in the course of an expedition from present-day Peru .
Charley Lindley Hoffman is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour .
Swedish Pomerania and leaving the nobility in full charge of the rural areas and its inhabitants .
Huhtamäki is a Finnish company, headquartered in Espoo, which manufactures and supplies packaging for various uses .
Artem Savin is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League .
DF King Worldwide is an international agency holding company with focus on financial communications and stakeholder management .
Sports Management Worldwide is a sports agency and private for-profit sports management training institution based in Portland, Oregon .
The Seleucid Empire , was a Hellenistic state ruled by the Seleucid dynasty founded by Seleucus I Nicator following the division of the empire created by Alexander the Great .
Nambarrie is the brand name of a tea company based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, now owned by Twinings .
Radstock Co-operative Society is a small consumer co-operative, which was established in Radstock, Somerset in 1868 .
Section Eight Productions, or just Section Eight, was a production company founded in 2000 by film director Steven Soderbergh and actor and director George Clooney .
Solel Boneh is the oldest, and one of the largest, construction and civil engineering companies in Israel .
The Victorian Health Promotion Foundation is a statutory authority in the Australian state of Victoria, originally funded by hypothecated taxation raised by the Victorian Tobacco Act 1987 .
A nymph in Greek mythology, Adamanthea helped raise the infant Zeus to hide him from his father, Cronus .
Stacy Earl , both of which hit the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100 in 1992 .
Anand Kumar and Harvard University to speak on his globally acclaimed effort to mentor students from the underprivileged sections for admission to IIT .
Carso Global Telecom is a telecommunications holding company, which through its subsidiaries, provides various telecommunication services .
The Senate of Western Continental Greece was a provisional regime that existed in western Central Greece during the early stages of the Greek War of Independence .
Daciana Octavia Sârbu , and in 2001 became an Adviser for the Controlling Body of the Romanian Premiership in the Năstase cabinet .
Paul Clark is a musician who was involved in the Jesus music movement and early contemporary Christian music industry, still continues to travel the road less traveled by writing and recording songs from dialogue above and beneath the white noise of mainstream pop Christian worship .
Microsoft Dynamics ERP is enterprise resource planning software primarily geared toward midsize organizations as well as subsidiaries and divisions of larger organizations .
FLIR Systems is the world's largest commercial company specializing in the design and production of thermal imaging cameras, components and imaging sensors .
Tambora is a lost village and culture on Sumbawa Island buried by ash and pyroclastic flows from the massive 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora .
The Upper Canada Repertory Company is a theatre company in Toronto, Canada founded by Rochelle Douris in 2001 .
The Treaty of Detroit was a treaty between the United States and the Ottawa, Chippewa, Wyandot and Potawatomi Native American nations .
Dorky Park is a dance company from Berlin, Germany, created and directed by choreographer Constanza Macras .
Merrell is a footwear company founded by Clark Matis, Randy Merrell, and John Schweitzer in 1981 as a maker of high-performance hiking boots .
Crowe Horwath LLP is a North American member of Crowe Horwath International, one of the 10 largest networks in the world .
ANGOP or Angola News Agency is the official news agency of the state of Angola, based in Luanda .
Kitco is a Canadian company that buys and sells precious metals such as gold, copper and silver .
Loree Jon Jones began playing billiards at the age of 4 at her home in Garwood, New Jersey .
Aircel is an Indian mobile network operator headquartered in Chennai, which offers voice and data services ranging from postpaid and prepaid plans, 2G and 3G services, broadband wireless access telephony services .
Supreme Records was a cheaply produced record label subsidiary of Grey Gull Records of Boston, Massachusetts marketed in the United States of America in the late 1920s .
Rio Grande do Norte , the dunes and the dromedaries of Genipabu, the famous beaches of Ponta Negra, Maracajaú and Pipa's paradise, the Carnatal the largest off-season carnival in Brazil, the Forte dos Reis Magos is a sixteenth-century fortress, the hills and mountains of Martins, the Dunas Park the second largest urban park in the country, and several other attractions .
Brand New School is an award-winning creative design and production studio specializing in commercials, interactive media, branding consultation and design, and music videos .
Jawdat Said is an Islamic scholar, of Circassian descent, who belongs to the School of the famous Islamic thinkers professor Malek Bennabi and Muhammad Iqbal .
Ngchesar also known as ""Oldiais"" is one of the sixteen states of the small pacific island nation of Palau .
The Alberta Electric System Operator, abbreviated AESO, is a not-for-profit entity responsible for the planning and operation of the Alberta Interconnected Electric System in a ""safe, reliable, and economical"" manner .
CAMICO is a CPA-directed program of professional and employment practices liability insurance for the accounting profession .
Susan Glickman won both the Gabrielle Roy prize for the year's best work of literary criticism and the Raymond Klibansky prize for the year's best work in the humanities .
Brenda Leithleiter Sharman is a beauty queen from Vinings, Georgia who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Sint Eustatius, also known affectionately to the locals as Statia or Statius, is a Caribbean island and a special municipality , a legendary Christian martyr, known in Spanish as San Eustaquio and in Portuguese as Santo Eustáquio or Santo Eustácio .
Hay Automobiltechnik based in Bockenau, Germany, is an automotive corporation from Germany which is the largest European producer of flywheels, hot rolled seamless rings and final drive gears and crown wheels for differential gears .
Messe Stuttgart is an exhibition centre and trade fair next to Stuttgart Airport, 7 miles south of Stuttgart, Germany .
Luanne Rice is the New York Times bestselling American author of 31 novels that have been translated into 24 languages .
Havas Worldwide London network which has 316 offices located in 75 countries throughout Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East .
Nedzhmi Ali is a Bulgarian politician of Bulgarian-Turkish descent and Member of the European Parliament .
Véronique Françoise Caroline Renard is also a Chinese name for a flat, small peach, reputed to be food for Taoist fairies .
Roger McEvoy Greenawalt is a music producer and musician known for carrying a ukulele at all times everywhere he goes .
Coveo is a provider of enterprise search and website search technologies, with integrated plug-ins for Salesforce .
The Patio Hotels Group was a British hotel chain established in 1983 with hotels in Europe and Israel .
Peter's Food Service is a Bedwas, Wales based baker and supplier of pies, pasties, slices, sausage rolls and factored products into retail, food service, catering and hospitality outlets across the United Kingdom .
The Société Nationale des Autoroutes du Maroc form a second income beside the collected toll-revenues .
The Bank of Valencia is the sixth bank in Spain, and has its headquarters in the city of Valencia, Valencia .
Marcegaglia is an Italian corporation founded in 1959 by Steno Marcegaglia, operating in the steel sector .
The Ondo Kingdom is a traditional state that traces its origins back for over 500 years, with capital in Ondo City, Ondo State, Nigeria .
Subatomic Studios is an independent video game developer with offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts in the United States .
William Perry Moore IV , also known as Perry Moore, was an American author, screenwriter, and film director .
The Cornerstone Speech, also known as the Cornerstone Address, was delivered extemporaneously by Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens at the Athenaeum in Savannah, Georgia on March 21, 1861 .
Joan Elizabeth Kirner AC , Australian politician, was the 42nd Premier of Victoria, the first woman to hold the position, which she held for two years prior to a landslide election defeat .
Shanghai Electric is a multinational power generation and electrical equipment manufacturing company headquartered in Shanghai, China .
Third World Newsreel is an American media center and film distribution company based in New York City and established in 1967 as Newsreel .
The Kingdom of Scotland the territory of the Kingdom of Scotland corresponded to that of modern-day Scotland, bounded by the North Sea to the east, the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west, and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the southwest .
Justin Haber is a Maltese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Maltese side Birkirkara F .
Guyana , Guyana is the third-smallest independent state on the mainland of South America after Uruguay and Suriname .
Eurekster is a company founded in Christchurch, New Zealand, with an office located in San Francisco, California, that builds social search engines for use on websites, the search engines are called ""swickis"" .
Corpozulia is a Venezuelan government organization that works in the area of economic development in Zulia State .
Nicole Bosso DiGiacobbe is a beauty queen from Newark, Delaware and a contestant in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
In Greek mythology, Enarete , daughter of Deimachus, was the wife of Aeolus and ancestress of the Aeolians .
The Visonic Group is a developer and manufacturer of home security alarm systems and components, personal emergency response systems and real-time location and access control systems .
Zacarías Reyán , is the pseudonym of Reinaldo Antonio Plazas Peralta, also known as Z .
The Usedomer Bäderbahn or TBNE, albeit without voting rights, because it belongs to Deutsche Bahn .
Walter Fitzgerald , as the admiral who listens to—and then disregards—ship's captain Alec Guinness' complaints about maritime cruelty .
Haralan Popov was a Protestant minister who spent thirteen years in Bulgarian communist prisons on charges of treason .
The Cutch State Railway or Kutch State Railway was an isolated Indian, 2 ft 6 in from 15 August 1947 till the railway was merged into the Western Railway on 5 November 1951, at which time the total length was 72 miles .
Tyson Goldsack is a professional Australian rules football player currently playing with the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Electric Time Company, founded in 1928, is a manufacturer of tower and street clocks marketed worldwide .
Renaud Cohade is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saint-Étienne in the Ligue 1 .
Desert Schools Federal Credit Union is a federally insured & chartered, 356,092 member credit union based in Phoenix, Arizona that operates about 50 branches and service centers throughout Gila, Maricopa, and Pinal Counties in Arizona .
See-Saw Films is an independent film production company founded in 2008 by Iain Canning and Emile Sherman .
Teletraxis based on Civolution's powerful watermarking and fingerprinting technologies to provide broadcast intelligence services: global television, internet and radio content tracking solution .
The Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic , also known as the Turkmen SSR, was one of republics of the Soviet Union in Central Asia .
Eric Schoenberg is an American guitarist known for his fingerstyle guitar playing, as well as a recording artist and designer of acoustic guitars .
The company Stock Cognac Medicinal was founded 20 October 1921 in Požega, producing strong alcoholic drinks .
Andrew Richard Matthew Garton is a creative producer, musician and media artist working within community and cultural development fields in Australia and the Asia Pacific region .
Connie Brockway is a best-selling American author of over twenty historical and contemporary romance novels since 1994 .
Dollie & Me is a lifestyle brand of moderately priced matching children’s clothing, bedding, accessories and toys for girls and their 18 inch dolls .
The Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt was a State of the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by a younger branch of the House of Hesse .
Alice Elliott is an director, a writer, producer, college level teacher, advocate for the disabled, cinematographer, and a founding member of New Day Films, an educational film distribution cooperative .
The Maekel Region , known as the Regione Centrale in Italian, is one of the six regions of Eritrea .
Not to be confused with Steve McQueen's character Michael Delaney, from the 1971 film Le Mans Michael Devaney is an Irish racing driver .
Studio Gigante was a Chicago-based video game developer established in 2000 by John Tobias, Dave Michicich, and Joshua Tsui, several developers of Midway's popular Mortal Kombat fighting game series .
Jorge Luis Rivera is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Middleweight division .
George Sluizer was a Dutch filmmaker whose credits included features as well as documentary films .
ic! berlin brillen GmbH is a German company which designs and produces high-end, handcrafted eyewear in Berlin, and distributes it worldwide .
BMB Group is an advisory and asset management platform for ruling families and Forbes 200 investors .
The historic territory of Verden and, in 1648, was given the title Principality of Verden, sometimes referred to as the Duchy of Verden .
Nicholas Tombazis is a racing car designer who has worked in Formula One since 1992, for the Benetton, McLaren and Ferrari teams .
Alex Kendrick is an associate pastor at Sherwood Baptist Church, in Albany, Georgia, since 1999, and an American film writer, producer, director and actor .
Idi Amin Dada , a Pan-Africanist group designed to promote solidarity of the African states .
G&G Entertainment is a South Korean/Japanese animation studio which creates animation for the domestic South Korean and Japanese anime markets .
Orica Limited is an Australian-based multinational corporation that provides commercial blasting systems, mining and tunneling support systems, and various chemical products .
Andriy Bandrivskyi is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn in the Ukrainian First League .
Standard Federal Bank was a Troy, Michigan-based bank serving Michigan and Northern Indiana in the United States which was acquired by Bank of America on 5 May 2008 .
Province of Avalon was the area around the settlement of Ferryland, Newfoundland and Labrador, in the 17th century, which upon the success of the colony grew to include the land held by Sir William Vaughan and all the land that lay between Ferryland and Petty Harbour .
Established in 1890, the Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo Group of Companies, named after its founder, is among the oldest pan-Persian Gulf conglomerate with commercial enterprise activities in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, Yemen and Qatar .
Empresa Agroindustrial Pomalca is a leading Peruvian agribusiness company, one of the country's major sugar producers .
Cirque Productions, also known as Cirque Dreams, is an American entertainment company, self-described as ""the first American company combining the European cirque-style of performance artistry with American circus arts and Broadway theatrics .
Viewzi was a search engine company based in Dallas, Texas that developed a highly visual experience that tailored the way users look at information based on what they are looking for .
American Natural Soda Ash Corporation operates as the international distribution arm for three US manufacturers of natural soda ash produced from trona deposits in Green River, Wyoming, the trade name for sodium carbonate Na2CO3, is an essential raw material used in the manufacture of glass, detergents, and several sodium-based chemicals .
For the record label founded in 2013, see UltramajicUltramagic is a manufacturer of hot air balloons, based at the Igualada-Òdena airfield, province of Barcelona, Catalonia .
The Brandaid Project is a non-profit global venture that aims to use micromarketing to help solve the problems of uneven global income distribution .
The Nabataean kingdom, also named Nabatea , was an Arabic political state of the Nabataeans which existed during classical antiquity and was annexed by the Roman Empire in CE 106 .
The Greater Republic of Central America was a short-lived union between Honduras, Nicaragua, and El Salvador, lasting from 1896 to 1898 .
Marino Alessandro Cesare Franchitti is a Scottish race car driver, and the younger brother of Dario Franchitti .
Jodi Thomas is the pen name of Jodi Koumalats, an American author of historical romance novels, most of which are set in Texas .
Oncor Electric Delivery Company is Texas's largest regulated electric delivery business and the sixth largest in the U .
Farm Credit of New Mexico is a financial services provider that is part of the U .
Jorge Pescara is a Brazilian Bassist and Megatar player, specializing in Fusion, Progressive, Experimental and Brazilian Jazz .
Shawnee Methodist Mission was established by missionaries in 1830 to minister to the Shawnee tribe of Native Americans .
Robyn Landis is an American author, public speaker and folk singer who was born in Brooklyn, NY, and has lived in Seattle, WA, and Tucson, AZ United States .
TruValu Supermarket is a nationwide and one of the largest supermarket chain in Trinidad and Tobago .
Ric Drasin while also winning titles in amateur bodybuilding contests during his younger years .
Barbara Fris is a Canadian soprano and actress who performs as an opera singer, concert artist, and recitalist .
Stephen Tayler is a mixing and recording engineer, music producer, musician, composer and sound designer who has contributed this collection of talents to hundreds of world-class albums for artists including Kate Bush, Suzanne Vega, Peter Gabriel, Underworld, Duncan Sheik, Howard Jones, Stevie Nicks, Milla Jovovich, Rush, Bob Geldof, Rupert Hine and Tina Turner .
Vitta Foods is a company specialized in manufacturing and distribution of frozen products made of puff pastry and sheets of filo pastry in eco paper plates, founded in 2006 as a part of Green Holding JSC .
Koperasi Bank Persatuan Malaysia Berhad , is a cooperative banking entity based in Penang, Malaysia .
The Netherlands has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 55 times since making its debut as one of the seven countries competing in the very first contest in 1956 .
Gok Wan is an English fashion consultant, author and television presenter, perhaps best known for his Channel 4 television programme How to Look Good Naked .
The West Indies Federation, also known as the Federation of the West Indies, was a short-lived political union that existed from 3 January 1958 to 31 May 1962 .
The Mainzer Adelsverein at Biebrich am Rhein , organized on April 20, 1842, was a colonial attempt to establish a new Germany within the borders of Texas .
The Federal District of water, was built to minimize the severe dry, climatic conditions of winter in the Cerrado vegetation .
Daniel Giles Gillespie Sells is a British singer-songwriter and guitarist, best known as being the lead vocalist and frontman for the pop/rock group The Feeling .
Lakshminath Bezbaroa was a great Assamese personality and celebrated pioneer of modern Assamese literature .
The Kingdom of Viguera was a short-lived pocket kingdom around the Navarrese town of Viguera from 970 to 1005 .
The States General of the Batavian Republic was the name for the Dutch government between January, 1795 and March 1796 .
Fun-Plex is an amusement park located at 7003 Q Street in the Ralston neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska .
Teddy Harvia is the nom de plume of David Thayer, an American science fiction fan artist .
Lee Marrs is an American comic book writer, animator, and one of the first women underground comix creators .
For the Swedish politician born 1965, see Cecilia WikströmCecilia Wigström, born 1971, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician .
Bhopal State was an independent state of 18th century India, a princely salute state in a subsidiary alliance with British India from 1818 to 1947, and an independent state from 1947 to 1949 .
Kotak Securities Limited, a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, is the stock broking and distribution arm of the Kotak Mahindra Group .
Bruno Gmünder Verlag is a German company and a book publishing house which specializes in LGBT fiction and non-fiction books as well as photo and art books for the gay community .
Ray Drummond , Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Chief Legal Officer of Google Inc .
Stanimir Yankov Ilchev is a Bulgarian politician and former Member of the European Parliament .
BornholmerFærgen is a Danish ferry company which connected the island of Bornholm to Denmark, Sweden and Germany .
Jones & Bartlett Learning, a division of Ascend Learning, is a provider of instructional, assessment and learning-performance management solutions for the secondary, post-secondary, and professional markets .
Herbert Dingle was an English physicist and natural philosopher, who served as president of the Royal Astronomical Society from 1951 to 1953 .
The Chobanids or the Chupanids , were descendants of a Mongol family of the Suldus clan that came to prominence in 14th century Persia .
For the university in Pakistan previously known by the same name, see University of Management and Technology is an awarding body for leadership and management qualifications in the UK .
Christian Tage Forter Wolmar and their transport correspondent for four years from 1992, covering the Privatisation of British Rail by the Major government .
Giacomini is a global producer of underfloor & ceiling heating and cooling systems, thermal energy metering and water & gasses regulation .
Tomoyuki Hoshino , in which he calls up an older person, pretends to be a relative, and tries to get the person on the other end of the phone line to send money .
The Republic of Central Albania was a short-lived unrecognised state established on October 16, 1913 with its administrative centre in Durrës, today in Albania .
China Petrochemical Corporation or Sinopec Group is Asia's largest oil refining and petrochemical enterprise, administered by SASAC for the State Council of the People's Republic of China .
Anthony Shaun 'Tony' West is an English professional darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments .
Troy Fraser is a Republican member of the Texas Senate representing the 24th District since 1997 .
Ford Prefect is a fictional character in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by the British author Douglas Adams .
Plexus Consulting Group, LLC is a management consulting firm that is specialized in providing market and stakeholder research, strategic planning facilitation, and branding and promotional services to not-for-profit and public service sectors .
Kailua is a census-designated place in Hawaiʻi County, Hawaii, United States, in the North Kona District of the Island of Hawaiʻi .
Image Engine is a visual effects company based in Vancouver, British Columbia and formed in 1995 .
Lobamba is the traditional, spiritual, and legislative capital city of Swaziland, seat of the Parliament, and residence of the Ntombi, the Queen Mother .
Patrice Halgand is a French professional road racing cyclist, who is not currently signed to any team .
Hisashi ""Tony"" Tonomura is the lead guitarist for the popular Japanese rock band GLAY .
BBC Introducing in Oxford is a local music show in Oxfordshire, and part of the main BBC Introducing brand .
The Patria Grande is a loose political idea of Hispanic American integration, that rejects the balkanization that followed the Spanish American wars of independence and envisions a united instead .
Not to be confused with Fullers Bay of IslandsFullers Group is a ferry and tourism company in Auckland, New Zealand .
Robert Clark Corrente was the United States Attorney for the state of Rhode Island .
Synthes Holding AG is a multinational medical device manufacturer based in Solothurn, Switzerland and West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States .
Assyria was a major Mesopotamian East Semitic kingdom, and empire, of the Ancient Near East, existing as an independent state for a period of approximately nineteen centuries from c .
Shop ‘n Save is a locally owned and operated grocery store chain with 90 supermarket locations within Western Pennsylvania, Western New York, Eastern Ohio, Western Maryland and West Virginia .
Morocco entered the Eurovision Song Contest for the first, and so far only, time at the Eurovision Song Contest 1980 with the song ""Bitaqat Hob"", performed by Samira Bensaïd in the Arabic language .
The Province of Northern Karelia was a province of Finland from 1960 to 1997 .
Kimathi Donkor is a contemporary British artist whose large-scale figurative paintings are ""genuine cornucopias of interwoven reference: to Western art, social and political events, and to the artist's own biography"" .
The Republic of Ireland have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on three occasions .
Schwarzburg-Sondershausen was a small principality in Germany, in the present day state of Thuringia, with capital at Sondershausen .
The State of the Teutonic Order in German, was a crusader state formed by the Teutonic Knights or Teutonic Order during 13th century Northern Crusades along the Baltic Sea .
Will Shafroth was a candidate in the Democratic primary to replace Mark Udall in Colorado's 2nd congressional district in 2008 .
Labuan Bajo is a fishing town located at the western end of Flores in the Nusa Tenggara region of east Indonesia .
Pixel Qi Corporation that can be largely manufactured using the existing manufacturing infrastructure for conventional LCDs .
The Prince-Bishopric of Osnabrück Catholic episcopacy was restored in 1824, but henceforth the bishops would no longer wield any temporal power .
Martin Plaza is the pseudonym of Martin Edward Murphy , who is a vocalist new wave band Mental As Anything .
Georgetown is the capital of Guyana, located in Region 4, which is also known as the Demerara-Mahaica region .
Shane Peacock is a Canadian author of books, plays, documentaries and articles for young readers and adults .
Razor Creative is a boutique design, branding, advertising, and marketing firm located in Moncton, New Brunswick .
Pete Astor is a British songwriter, singer and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his work with The Loft, The Weather Prophets, The Wisdom of Harry and Ellis Island Sound .
Zoë Skoulding is a poet whose work also encompasses translation, editing, sound-based vocal performance, literary criticism and teaching creative writing .
San Jose is the third-largest city in California, the tenth-largest in the United States, and the county seat of Santa Clara County .
HYSTA华源 is a professional organization aimed at business leaders, professionals, entrepreneurs and students who wish to promote business, cultural exchange and to foster beneficial U .
Guatemala City; locally known as Guatemala or Guate), is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Guatemala, and the most populous in Central America .
Hakainde Hichilema is a Zambian businessman and politician serving as President of the opposition United Party for National Development .
Maurice Devereaux is a Canadian film director, writer and film producer through his production company, Maurice Devereaux Productions .
Norzila binti Haji Aminuddin , an aptly title for being the most well known female rock star since the start of the glorious rock era in Malay music .
John Beresford is a former English football player who played as a defender, who is currently a pundit for ITV Tyne Tees and ESPN .
Luján Partido is a partido located in the north-eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
InterExec is an Executive agency based in the United Kingdom, providing senior businessmen similar services to those provided in other professions such as a literary agent, talent agent and a sports agent .
Hayk ""Hayko"" Hakobyan is an Armenian singer who won Armenia's national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki .
The Bank of Madras was one of India's three Presidency Banks, along with the Bank of Bengal and the Bank of Bombay .
Nineveh plains is a region in the Ninawa Governorate of Iraq to the north and east of the city Mosul .
Paul Durham is an American musician and the lead singer of rock bands Black Lab, Stray Palace, and Cake or Death .
Halla is a fictional kingdom depicted in Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne, a film directed by Satyajit Ray based on a short story penned by his grandfather Upendrakishore Ray .
Doughty Hanson & Co is a British private equity fund manager focused on leveraged buyout and recapitalization transactions primarily of upper middle-market companies in Europe .
Eric Byron McFadden has visited schools, detention centers, teen homeless shelters and continues to provide creative outlets and support to those in need .
Winston ""BlackOut"" Thomas, better known by his stage name BlackOut or DJ BlackOut, founder & CEO of BlackOut Movement, is an American Grammy Nominated record producer, engineer and composer .
Maestro Harrell is an American singer, recording artist, dancer and actor who starred on the HBO original series The Wire as Randy Wagstaff, and as Malik on the ABC comedy Suburgatory .
The Republic of Baden was a German state that existed during the time of the Weimar Republic, formed after the abolition of the Grand Duchy of Baden in 1918 .
Takhar is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the northeast of the country next to Tajikistan .
Bādghīs is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the northwest of the country next to Turkmenistan .
Penny Bacchiochi is an American Republican politician, who served as a state representative in Connecticut .
Jamie Wilson is a beauty queen from Minden, Louisiana who has competed in the Miss America pageant .
Tijana Dapčević also known as simply Tijana, is a pop singer performing mainly in Serbia .
Hochschild Mining plc is a leading British-based silver and gold mining business operating in North, Central and South America .
Mehano is a Slovenian toy company, founded in 1952 as Mehanotehnika, produces a large range of both traditional and electronic toys, as well as model railroad equipment .
American Automotive Equipment, also known as AAE, is a United States-based manufacturer, distributor, and seller of automotive service equipment .
San Luis is the capital city of San Luis Province in the Cuyo region of Argentina .
The Republic of Morac-Songhrati-Meads was originally a micronation in the Spratly Islands established by British naval captain James George Meads in the 1870s .
Antonio Carluccio, OBE OMRI is an Italian chef, restaurateur and food expert, based in London .
Bill Carroll was a sports figure in the United States and is best known from his accomplishments as a pole vaulter and later coach of the Track & Field and Cross Country teams at the University of Oklahoma .
Lieutenant Commander Adalbert Schnee of Allied shipping, and received the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves .
The Ituri Interim Administration is an interim body that administers the Ituri region of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Thomas Hitchcock was one of the leading American polo players during the latter part of the 19th century and a Hall of Fame horse trainer and owner known as the father of American steeplechase horse racing .
Desjardins Financial Security is the life and health insurance arm of Desjardins Group, the leading financial institution in Quebec and the largest cooperative financial group in Canada .
Makoto Tezuka also known as Macoto Tezka, is a Japanese film and anime director, born in Tokyo .
Expert Labs is a non-profit technology incubator intended to aid government access expertise from interested members of the public .
Jersey Post or Jersey Post Group is the licensed universal service provider of mail service for the Bailiwick of Jersey .
Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory located on the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula at the entrance of the Mediterranean .
Qunxing Paper Holdings Limited is the largest decorative base paper manufacturer in the People's Republic of China, specializing in decorative base paper products and printing paper product .
Arabia Petraea, also called Provincia Arabia or simply Arabia, was a frontier province of the Roman Empire beginning in the 2nd century; it consisted of the former Nabataean kingdom in Jordan, southern Levant, the Sinai Peninsula and northwestern Arabian peninsula .
Salvador Sánchez Narváez was a Mexican boxer born in the town of Santiago Tianguistenco, Estado de México .
For the Internet comedian, see Adam Buckley is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1996 to 2013 .
Scottish Screen was the national body for film and television in Scotland, established in April 1997 .
Årdal og Sunndal Verk or ÅSV is a defunct Norwegian state owned company that operated the aluminum plants in Årdal, Sunndal, Høyanger and Holmestrand .
Alice Siu-Ping Chan Wong, PC, MP is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the electoral district of Richmond .
Puntland , is a region in northeastern Somalia, centred on Garowe in the Nugal province .
Société de Transports de l'Agglomération Stéphanoise, or STAS operates a public transport network and infrastructure in and around Saint-Étienne .
Since 2004, Original Spin Media has produced more than 150 hours of HD content with an international reputation for music specials, nature programming and documentaries .
FXpansion is a Ltd company that produces music software including DCAM: Synth Squad, BFD, GURU and the VST-RTAS and VST-AudioUnit Adapters .
Aftab Automobiles Ltd,In 1981 the Company was converted into Public Limited Company which is the lone largest assembler-cum-progressive manufacturer of Toyota & Hino vehicles in the private sector of Bangladesh .
Columbitech, founded in 2000, provides wireless security to secure mobile devices, with support for WLAN and public networks, including 3G, 4G and WiMAX .
The Mandara Kingdom was a West African kingdom in the Mandara Mountains of what is today Cameroon .
CCH Canadian Limited is one of the four operating units of Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting .
Freshtel Holdings Limited is an Australian telephony company developing and marketing Voice over IP products and services .
Started in 1834 as a two-partner firm in Birmingham, Wragge & Co LLP was a UK-headquartered international law firm providing a full range of legal services to UK and international clients .
Created in 1995, Integrated Benefits Institute is a United States national not-for profit organization with more than 700 members providing modeling and measurement tools across benefits programs, research and analysis, and a discussion and education forum .
Formative Fun is an independent British chain of shops which sells educational toys, games and books for children .
Sérgio Britto is a Brazilian musician, best known as a member of the rock band Titãs, for which he contributes with lead vocals, keyboards and, more recently, the bass guitar .
Edna Buchanan is an American journalist and writer best known for her crime mystery novels .
IASIS, located in Franklin, Tennessee, is a leading owner and operator of medium-sized acute care hospitals in high-growth urban and suburban markets .
William John ""Bill"" Tilley is the Liberal Party of Australia member for the seat of Benambra in the Victorian Legislative Assembly .
CENTRALWAY is said to be intent on redesigning the whole banking experience by creating the bank of the future under the motto ‘100 per cent mobile and 100 per cent digital’ .
Nao Saejima was a Japanese AV idol and model of the 1980s and 1990s who also starred in photobooks, V-Cinema, and feature films, including Nikkatsu's Roman Porno series .
The Unsigned Guide is an online contacts directory and careers guide for the UK music industry .
British Columbia , also commonly referred to by its initials BC because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys .
American Blimp Company is a privately owned Hillsboro, Oregon-based company that is the largest manufacturer of blimps in the United States .
Musetta Vander is a South African actress and model who is best known for her roles in science fiction and fantasy films .
The American Bank Note Company was a major worldwide engraver of national currency and postage stamps .
Optibus is a bus rapid transit , as opposed to the traditional Mexican pesero system of individual bus owner-operators collecting cash fares .
Moroni is the largest city, federal capital and seat of the government of the Union of the Comoros, a sovereign archipelago nation in the Indian Ocean .
Robert Beckford is a British academic theologian and currently a Professor in theology at Canterbury Christ Church University, whose documentaries for both the BBC and Channel 4 have caused debate among the Christian and British religious community .
Vivitar Corporation was a manufacturer, distributor and marketer of photographic and optical equipment originally based in Santa Monica, California .
Alan John ""Al"" Connelly is the founding guitarist with the Canadian rock band, Glass Tiger .
Big Bad Tomato is a Los Angeles based interactive studio that specializes in kid and family based interactive experiences for web, mobile, and social applications .
The Western Habour Tunnel Company Limited Limited 港通控股有限公司 SEHK: 0032, holding a 50% stake in WHTCL .
Archbishop Nikon is an Albanian bishop who serves as the head of the Orthodox Church in America's Albanian Archdiocese and New England diocese .
Confederate Soldier Monument in Lexington, in Lexington Cemetery in Lexington, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS .
For other uses see Alope was in Greek mythology a mortal woman, the daughter of Cercyon, known for her great beauty .
KP Media is a Ukrainian publishing company who publishes several magazines, including Korrespondent, an English language newspaper, Kyiv Post, and owns several internet websites .
SpareBank 1 Nordvest is a Norwegian savings bank with branches in Nordmøre in addition to Molde and Ålesund .
The Four Per Cent Industrial Dwellings Company was a philanthropic model dwellings company, formed in London in 1885, during the Victorian era .
Andrew Lee Potts , usually stylized as Andrew-Lee Potts, is an English actor and director .
Antalya Province with beaches, ports, and ancient cities scattered throughout, including the World Heritage Site Xanthos .
Beers Timber & Building Supplies Limited is one of several independent Builders Merchant based in Liverpool .
Demiurge Unit Limited is a LED design company with offices in New York and Hong Kong .
Farafangana is a city on the south-east coast of Madagascar and capital of the Atsimo-Atsinanana region .
Mõtsa Pūol or Metsepole was an ancient Livonian county inhabited by a Finnic people Livonians, on the east coast of the Gulf of Riga, at the northwest of what is now the Vidzeme region of Latvia .
Chris Greenwood better known by his stage name Manafest, is a Canadian Christian rapper and rock artist from Pickering, Ontario .
Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile is a Chilean chemical company and a supplier of plant nutrients, Iodine, Lithium and industrial chemicals .
Leila Birch is an English actress, known for portraying Teresa di Marco in EastEnders .
PrimalScream Music is an award-winning music production company in Los Angeles, CA and Austin, TX that creates original music for television advertising .
Enova SF is a Norwegian government enterprise responsible for promotion of environmentally friendly production and consumption of energy .
Golden Star Resources Ltd , is a mid-tier Canadian gold mining company, whose principal operating properties are located in Ghana, West Africa .
Riksteatern is the name of the popular ""National Touring Theatre""/""National Theatre Company"" and the Cullberg Ballet, for example, tours regularly with Riksteatern with many of their most popular productions .
Vita Craft Corporation is a manufacturer of multi-ply stainless steel cookware as well as other cookware products .
Pilersuisoq is a chain of all-purpose general stores in Greenland, a major division of the state-owned KNI conglomerate .
Brandywine Realty Trust is a real estate investment trust next to Philadelphia's 30th Street Station, on land leased from Amtrak .
Restaumarché is a chain of restaurants in France, normally found in large shopping parks owned by the Les Mousquetaires .
Joseph Peter DeRenzo is an American jazz drummer, composer and producer currently living and working in New York City .
Integrity Health is a health benefits management firm founded by former New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Douglas Forrester .
Cheryl Frances-Hoad , Frances-Hoad became Composer-in-Residence at the University of South Florida for a week, where she gave a two-hour lecture about her work, and a masterclass for both undergraduate and postgraduate composition students .
Johnnie's Foodmaster, more commonly known as simply Foodmaster, was a chain of supermarkets in the Boston Metro Area .
Majene is the capital city of Majene Regency and it is located in the Indonesian province of West Sulawesi .
First Utility is a supplier of gas and electricity in the United Kingdom, based in Warwick .
SMART is a full-service Australian advertising agency with offices in Sydney, Melbourne, Gold Coast and Brisbane .
AmazingPorts is a Linux-based firewall customised for use as a firewall, captive portal and billing system .
Mark Malkoff is an American comedian, writer, and filmmaker who formerly worked for Comedy Central's The Colbert Report .
Valery Kechinov is a former Russia international footballer, who spent the majority of his playing career at Spartak Moscow .
Argyll Foods plc was the 4th biggest supermarket operator in the United Kingdom, through its acquisitions of a number of smaller supermarkets .
Established in 1997 Go Native is an award winning provider of both short and long term serviced apartments, operating across the UK .
The Northern Zhou , Emperor Xuan's father-in-law Yang Jian seized power, and in 581 seized the throne from Emperor Xuan's son Emperor Jing, establishing Sui .
Thin Film Electronics ASA produces rewriteable non-volatile memories based on ferroelectric polymers using roll-to-roll printing .
In 1860, the Pacific Telegraph Act of 1860 called for the facilitation of communication between the east and west coasts of the United States of America .
Ad Wijnands was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer, who won two stages in the 1981 Tour de France .
Damovo Group, headquartered in Glasgow, UK, is a provider of enterprise information communication technology services and solutions, currently with regional businesses in Belgium, Czech Republic, Germany, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
The Juliana Republic was declared in the imperial Brazilian province of Santa Catarina on July 24, 1839, and lasted only until November 15, 1839 .
The Exarchate of Ravenna or of Italy was a center of Byzantine power in Italy, from the end of the 6th century to 751, when the last exarch was put to death by the Lombards .
Khamti, Hkamti, Singkaling Hkamti, Singkawng, Kanti or Kantee is a town in Hkamti District, Sagaing Division, in northwestern Burma , there is also a village about two miles to the west that is called ""Hkampti"" .
Kwantlen First Nation is a First Nation Government in British Columbia, Canada, located primarily in Fort Langley .
Zijin Mining Group Ltd or Zijin is a leading Chinese gold, copper and non-ferrous metals producer and refiner in Mainland China .
Shenyang, formerly romanized as Mukden, is the capital and largest city of Liaoning Province, as well as the largest city in Northeast China by urban population .
Cheswold Lane Asset Management is a mutual fund company founded in 2006 by Colleen Quinn Scharpf, Eric Scharpf and Matthew Taylor and headquartered in West Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, United States .
Eley Brothers were a manufacturer of firearms cartridges at the Eley's Cartridge Factory, located in Edmonton and bordered by the River Lee Navigation and the Great Eastern Railway at Angel Road .
Thorn Abbey or Imperial Abbey of Thorn was an imperial abbey of the Holy Roman Empire in what is now the Netherlands .
Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte is a Mexican airport operator with its headquarters in the Cargo Area Zone of General Mariano Escobedo International Airport in Apodaca, Nuevo Leon, Mexico .
Thới Bình is a township and capital town of Thới Bình District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam .
Sebastian Rogers is a vocalist, guitarist and producer who gained fame as a solo artist in 2000 with the release of his self-written album When It Comes And It Will .
Meital Dohan and the viral video led media outlets like MTV Buzzworthy, AOL, Artist Direct, Maxim, Yahoo and others to declare Meital as ""the next triple threat"" .
Stephen's Gourmet is a gourmet food brand owned by Indulgent Foods, a company in Farmington, Utah, and the brand name of the hot cocoa powder it manufactures and sells in stores throughout the United States .
Delicious Vinyl is an American independent record label founded by Matt Dike and Michael Ross in 1987 and based in Los Angeles .
Airiti Incorporation headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, is the leading Chinese e-content provider of Chinese academic e-journals, Taiwanese academic e-journals, classical art images to more than 450 libraries in 2006 and has extended to more than 72,000 libraries in 112 countries and territories around the world .
Bob Giraldi is an American film and television director known for directing the film Dinner Rush and the music video for Michael Jackson's song ""Beat It .
Virginia Air Line Railroad Piedmont Subdivision at Lindsay, Virginia, to the Rivanna Subdivision of C&O's James River Line at Strathmore Yard, near Bremo Bluff, Virginia .
The Sultanate of Bulungan was a princely state of Indonesia located in the existing Bulungan Regency in the North Kalimantan province of Indonesia in the east of the island of Borneo .
The Academy of European Law is an international centre for training and debate for lawyers .
Michael Bond is a former Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 31st District from 2007 to 2011 .
Seigo Nakao is the head of Japanese Studies at Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan, United States .
Jennifer Anne Pitts is a beauty pageant contestant from Richmond, Virginia who has competed in the Miss America and Miss USA pageants .
Toxic asset is a popular term for certain financial assets whose value has fallen significantly and for which there is no longer a functioning market, so that such assets cannot be sold at a price satisfactory to the holder .
Mikogo is a desktop sharing software application for web conferencing and remote support, and is provided by the online collaboration provider, BeamYourScreen GmbH .
HSBC Bank Armenia was established as a closed joint stock company under the name “Midland Armenia Bank JSC” in 1996 and has been renamed into “HSBC Bank Armenia cjsc” in 1999 .
Tandem Communications is a Munich based company which produces TV movies, miniseries, television series and film series .
The Heitkamp BauHolding GmbH located in Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia is involved in specialized construction work in different construction business areas .
This is a list of the evolution of the borders of the colonies and later states of Australia .
Feiz Mohammad , wrote that Feiz Mohammad was an example of a ""virtual spiritual sanctioner"" who over the internet provides a level of religious justification for Islamist terrorist violence, along the lines of Anwar al-Awlaki, Abdullah el-Faisal, and Samir Khan .
VoiceWeb is an international Speech Solutions and Mobile Marketing Provider, utilizing and combining a multitude of emerging technologies to enable more natural, intuitive, human-like interactions .
Spacecom, or Space Communication , is a communications satellite operator in the Middle East, European Union and North America headquartered in the city of Ramat Gan, Israel .
Theatre West is a theatre company in Hollywood, California, the oldest continually-operating theatre company in Los Angeles, established in 1962 .
Wayne Bergeron is an American jazz musician and trumpet player who rose to fame in the mid-80's after playing lead trumpet in Maynard Ferguson's band .
This is a bank established in Carmarthenshire in the 18th century as a result of the efforts of a Welsh entrepreneur and businessman called John Morgan .
Simon Lowe is a British actor who, amongst other British titles, has played series regulars in Bodies both of which were written by Jed Mercurio .
Patricia Lewsley-Mooney CBE in the 2015 New Year Honours for services to children's rights in Northern Ireland .
Momauk is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar .
Michael ""Mike"" Collier Connell is the leader of The Connells, an American band from Raleigh, North Carolina .
Franco Coladipietro is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing Illinois' 45th House District .
The Metropolitan Street Railway was the one of many operators of streetcars in the Toronto area .
Vision Crew Unlimited was a motion picture and TV commercial visual effects company founded in 1994 by visual effects artists Evan Jacobs, Jon Warren and Douglas Miller .
Susan Elizabeth ""Suzi"" Digby, Lady Eatwell OBE is a British conductor, musician and teacher .
DataCore Software is a leading software defined storage vendor specializing in storage virtualization, storage management, and storage networking .
Chemoil Energy Limited is an oil trading company incorporated in Hong Kong and having its headquarters in Singapore .
Gemplus International SA was based in Luxembourg and acquired by the Texas Pacific Group in 2000 a provider of smart cards and related technologies until its June 2, 2006 merger with rival Axalto; the combined entity is known as Gemalto .
The Sarukhanids or Sarukhanid dynasty , was one of the Anatolian beyliks, centered in Manisa .
The Mabry-Hazen House is an historic home located on an 8-acre for many years until her death in 1987 .
Jon Bauer is a Canadian contemporary Christian music artist, worship leader, and songwriter from St .
Lordy Tugade is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who lastly played for the Powerade Tigers .
The Province of Chaco and a population of 1,055,259 as of 2010, it is the 12th most extensive and the 9th most populated of the 23 Argentine provinces .
Alex García is a Venezuelan stock car racing driver, and a former competior in the NASCAR Nationwide Series .
The Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine —as it was also known after 1816—was a member state of the German Confederation from 1806, when the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt was elevated to a Grand Duchy, until 1918, when all the German monarchies were overthrown .
James Graham ""Jim"" Fenner is a fictional character from the award-winning prison drama series Bad Girls .
Highbridge Capital Management, LLC is a $25 billion multi-strategy alternative investment management firm founded by Glenn Dubin and Henry Swieca in 1992 .
Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust is an open-ended real estate investment trust that owns Boardwalk Communities, Structures Metropolitaines, and Boardwalk Retirement Community .
Founded in 2001 by a group of 200 UK estate agents, PrimeLocation is a UK property portal that lists upmarket properties in the UK and abroad .
Cogapp is a British company specialising in consultancy, design and production of interactive and online multimedia applications, especially in the cultural sector where it is a leader within the industry .
Hydrapak, founded in 1996, is a California -based company that manufactures hydration packs, reservoirs, and Sport Water Bottles .
The Union Gospel Mission is a charitable organization providing meals, education, shelter, safe and affordable housing, drug and alcohol recovery programs, and support services to those struggling with homelessness and addiction in the Metro Vancouver area and city of Mission .
Andong / Antung was a former province in Northeast China, located in what is now part of Liaoning and Jilin provinces .
Andy Hess is an American bassist and former member of Gov't Mule, having joined the band in 2003 .
Yinxu, or Yin Xu, known as Yinxu represent the ancient city of Yin, the last capital of China's Shang dynasty which existed through eight generations for 255 years, and through the reign of 12 kings .
Francisco Javier Ramírez Acuña is a Mexican politician who belongs to the National Action Party .
David Kramer is a South African singer, songwriter, playwright and director, most notable for his musicals about the Cape Coloured communities, and for his early opposition to apartheid .
Gyobingauk is a small town and seat of Gyobingauk Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma .
The Later Yan was a Murong–Xianbei state, located in modern-day northeast China, during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China .
Sigma Designs is an American public corporation that designs and builds high-performance system-on-a-chip semiconductor technologies for Internet-based set-top boxes, DVD players/recorders, high-definition televisions, media processors, digital media adapters, portable media players and home connectivity products .
Roger Corman's Cult Classics is a collection of DVD and Blu-ray discs of films produced by Roger Corman .
Rio de Janeiro , and is headquarters to two of Brazil's major companies—Petrobras and Vale, and major oil companies and telephony in Brazil, besides the largest conglomerate of media and communications companies in Latin America, the Globo Organizations .
Anne Chambers is an Irish biographer, novelist and screenplay writer who lives and works in Dublin, best known for her biography of the 16th-century Irish Pirate Queen, Gráinne O'Malley .
Carabobo state is one of the 23 states of Venezuela, located in the north of the country, about two hours by car from Caracas .
Margaret Wander Bonanno is an American science fiction writer, ghost writer and small press publisher .
Benshaw is a company that specializes in solid state reduced voltage electric motor controls, motor protection and variable frequency drives .
Akhilesh Yadav is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh since 2012 .
Joel Stephen ""Joey"" Greco is an American television personality and actor, best known as the long- time host of the reality TV show Cheaters, hosting for ten seasons .
Codecasa is an Italian luxury super yacht building firm, founded in Viareggio by Giovanni Battista Codecasa in 1825 .
The County of Portugal refers to two successive medieval counties in the region around Braga and Porto, today corresponding to littoral northern Portugal, within which the identity of the Portuguese people formed .
Renato Tirso Antonio Coronado Corona was the 23rd Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Bachir Attar is the leader of The Master Musicians of Jajouka led by Bachir Attar .
Rio Airways was a regional passenger airline headquartered in Killeen, Texas, United States, which was operational from 1966 to 1987 .
The Republic of Central Lithuania or Middle Lithuania , for eighteen months the entity served as a buffer state between Poland, upon which it depended, and Lithuania, which claimed the area .
The Kalabhras dynasty ruled over the entire Ancient Tamil country between the 3rd and the 7th century in an era of South Indian history called the Kalabhra interregnum .
Torrance Heather ""Torry"" Castellano is the former drummer of The Donnas, announcing her retirement in July 2010 .
Paul Jarvie is a Scottish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish League Two side Peterhead .
Bill Granger is a self-taught cook, restaurateur and food writer, based in his native Australia and in London but also working internationally .
The Republic of Užice was a short-lived liberated Yugoslav territory and the first liberated territory in World War II Europe, organized as a military mini-state that existed in the autumn of 1941 in occupied Yugoslavia, more specifically the western part of the Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia .
Oy Teboil Ab is an oil company in Finland, engaged in the marketing, sales and distribution of petroleum products and operation of filling and service stations .
Nathaniel Robert ""Nat"" Benchley is an American writer and actor who has performed on stage, television, and film .
Shelter Insurance Company is a mutual insurance company which focuses on Auto, Property, Business, and Life Insurance .
The Protectorate-General to Pacify the East was a short-lived military government established at Pyongyang by Tang Dynasty China in 668 .
Bovet Fleurier SA is a Swiss brand of luxury watchmakers chartered May 1, 1822 in London, U .
Kekionga also known as Kiskakon or Pacan's Village, was the capital of the Miami tribe .
Jo Tankers, based in Norway, is one of the world's main providers of deep-sea transportation services for chemicals and other high value liquids .
The Wari Empire was a political formation that emerged around AD 600 in the central highlands of Peru and lasted for about 500 years, to 1100 AD .
Alfa is one of the two operating GSM networks in Lebanon, side by side with MTC Touch .
Nuno de Campos is a Portuguese painter, living in New York City, United States .
Butterfly Recordings is the name used by two record labels formed by the artist and electronic dance music producer Martin Glover .
Florida is a state in the southeastern region of the United States, bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida .
The National Brain Tumor Society is the largest non-profit organization dedicated to the brain tumor community in the United States .
John Proos is a Republican Senator representing the 21st district in the Michigan Senate .
SpringCM is an enterprise content management company that provides cloud document management and workflow solutions for businesses and other organizations .
Andriy Kornyev is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Obolon Kyiv .
UltraTech Cement Limited is India's biggest cement company and India’s largest exporter of cement clinker based in Mumbai, India .
Great Escape Theatres was a movie-theatre chain that operated movie theatres primarily in the Midwestern United States .
The Kaabu Empire , also written Gabu, Ngabou, and N’Gabu', was a Mandinka kingdom of Senegambia centered within modern northeastern Guinea-Bissau but extending into Casamance in Senegal .
Kiến Giang is a township in Lệ Thủy District, Quảng Bình Province, in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Carlos Roberto da Cruz Junior, or simply Carlão , is a Brazilian central defender who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
Anton Postupalenko is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Stal Alchevsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Andhra Pradesh of Yanam, a district of Pondicherry, lies south of Kakinada in the Godavari delta to the northeast of the state .
The Eleven Kingdoms is a fictional collection of nations that serve as the primary setting of the Deryni novels of Katherine Kurtz .
TravelSky Technology Limited is a Chinese State-owned enterprise and the dominant provider of information technology solutions to People's Republic of China's air travel and tourism industries .
The Market for Alternative Investment in 1998 under the Securities Exchange of Thailand Act as an alternative stock market for small and medium sized enterprises .
For a basketball player nicknamed ""Marčelo"", see Šarūnas MarčiulionisMarčelo is a Serbian Hip-hop artist and writer, known for his socially conscious lyrics and eclectic approach to musical arrangements .
Annie Else Zaenen is a Consulting professor at Stanford University in Linguistics and the main editor of the online journal Linguistic Issues in Language Technology .
This is list of geographical places presented in five of Martha Wells' fantasy novels, revolving around the fictional country of Ile-Rien .
Steve Richard Radford is a British politician, and is leader of the Liberal Party, joined by Councillors Chris Lenton and Hazel Williams .
Nobuhiko Okamoto is a Japanese voice actor and singer from Tokyo, Japan, affiliated with the Pro-Fit agency .
Negara Daha was a Hindu kingdom now located in the Regency of Hulu Sungai Selatan, Province of South Kalimantan, Republic of Indonesia .
Jamaica have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 1998 .
Shaun David Vipond , is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for West Auckland Town .
John Follis and is creator and host of The Marketing Show with John Follis .
Media in Benin was formerly controlled by the government but there has been a loosening of control since the introduction of democracy to the country in the 1990s .
Root Sports Pittsburgh is an American regional sports network serving Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that is part of Root Sports and is an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
Morrison Hershfield is an employee-owned professional services firm providing engineering and management consulting services in the areas of energy and industrial, buildings, technology and telecom, transportation, environment, water and wastewater, and land development .
Madiun is a city in the western part of the province of East Java in Indonesia, an agricultural centre .
The Principality of Krk was a semi-independent principality on the Croatian-Adriatic island of Krk that existed from 1451 to 1480 during the Late Middle Ages .
Bob Tostes is a singer, composer and producer of Rádio Guarani FM, Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil .
Powys Fadog or Lower Powys was the northern portion of the former princely realm of Powys which split in two following the death of Madog ap Maredudd of Powys in 1160 .
Zach Slater and Kendall Hart Slater are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American daytime drama All My Children .
Carla Ulbrich is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, author, and self-described ""professional smart aleck"" from Clemson, South Carolina .
Terence Ashley Burrows LP, his first release under the pseudonym Yukio Yung, chosen because of his love of Japanese culture .
The Ostrogothic Kingdom was established by the Ostrogoths in Italy and neighbouring areas from 493 to 553 .
Patricio Manns is a Chilean composer, author, poet, novelist, essayist, play writer and journalist .
Marianne Fredriksson, née Persson was a Swedish author who worked and lived in Roslagen and Stockholm .
Ralph Andrews is an American television producer best known for producing the hit 1960s game show You Don't Say!, the 1970s game show Celebrity Sweepstakes, and the original 1987 version of Lingo .
For the American long jumper see Mike McRaeMike MacRae is an American comedian and voice actor .
Vendome Group is a publisher and organizer of events for the healthcare, real estate, and construction industries .
Rangsazi Iran - Iran Paint Manufacturing Company - شرکت رنگسازي ايران, was founded in 1939 as the first paint producer in Iran as well as the Middle East .
The Thirteen Colonies were the British colonies on the Atlantic coast of North America founded between 1607 .
The Association of Taxation Technicians or ATT, is the leading professional body in the UK for those providing tax compliance services and related activities .
Solenta Aviation is an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa, with its maintenance base at OR Tambo International Airport .
Moscow Governorate of the Tsardom of Russia, the Russian Empire, and the Russian SFSR, which existed in 1708–1929 .
Village Ventures is an American private equity investment firm focusing on seed and early stage venture capital investments .
Chelsea Charms is the stage name of an American big-bust model, internet model, and stripper .
Sardinia enjoy ""equal dignity"" with Italian each in the concerned territory by a regional law .
Sharitha Lynette McKenzie is a beauty queen from Portland, Oregon who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Vestviken Kollektivtrafikk Drangedal Bilruter, Fjord1 Hallingdal Billag, Nettbuss, Schøyens Bilcentraler, Telemark Bilruter, Telemark Kollektivtrafikk and Tinn Billag .
Whittard of Chelsea is an international retailer of coffee, tea and various items that are used for the consumption of hot drinks .
Haryana and 7px 132,089 in the year 2013–14 including the largest number of rural crorepatis in India .
Tyler Colie Willis Avary is a beauty queen from Brownfield, Texas who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Southern Natural Pipeline is a natural gas pipeline system which brings gas from the Louisiana Gulf of Mexico coast to the southeastern United States .
So Television is a production company established in 1998, founded by Irish comedian Graham Norton and Graham Stuart to make television shows .
Tamu or Tuimu is a town in Sagaing Region in northwest Burma near the border with the eastern Indian state of Manipur .
Jasmine Simhalan is a practitioner of the Indian martial arts and classical Indian dance .
Angola have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 2006, since becoming a member of FIFA in 1980 .
SM Hypermarket is a chain of hypermarkets in the Philippines started by the Sy family in the late 1990s .
Leeuwin Estate is an Australian winery and restaurant based in the Margaret River wine region of Western Australia .
Beihan or Bayhan , was a state in the British Aden Protectorate and the Federation of South Arabia .
The Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 was an Act of Congress signed into law by U .
San Fernando is a partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, in the north of Greater Buenos Aires .
L'Est Films Group Int’l Co is a company in entertaining industry, also known as “EFG”, which has movie distribution and production two major services .
Mauro Domenico Antonio Ranallo is a Canadian sports announcer and commentator, with experience in football, hockey, professional wrestling, boxing, kickboxing and mixed martial arts events .
Bramhani Industries Limited also known as Brahmani Steels and Bramhani Steels is an Indian iron and steel company promoted by Obulapuram Mining Company and G .
Follett Corporation is a privately held company that manufactures beverage and ice solutions for the healthcare, foodservice, hospitality, and supermarket industries .
Slobbovia was a postal Diplomacy variant played among science fiction and gaming fans in North America and Europe from 1972 to 1986 .
Ahava Dead Sea Laboratories, Limited is an Israeli cosmetics company headquartered in Lod that manufactures skin care products made of mud and mineral-based compounds from the Dead Sea .
For dancer and runner-up in season 10 of the television series So You Think You Can Dance, see Aaron Turner Aaron Turner is a musician, singer, graphic artist, and founder of label Hydra Head Records .
Envirogreen Recycling is an Irish-based environmental services company which operates solely in the waste management industry .
ReIgnition Recordings was an independent record label releasing largely, but not solely, punk and post-hardcore albums .
Menéame is a Spanish social news website based on community participation, made for users to discover and share content on the Internet, by submitting links, which are voted and commented upon .
Artur Siryk is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League .
ExecPC is an online service provider started in 1983 by owner Bob Mahoney as the Exec-PC BBS .
Alexandre ""Xande"" Ribeiro Black Belt Heavy Weight Champion, and three-time World Black Belt Pro Division Champion .
Pangkalpinang is the largest town on the Indonesian island of Bangka and the capital of the province of Kepulauan Bangka Belitung .
In Greek mythology, Lybie was the mother of Belus by Poseidon and a personification and queen of the country of Libya .
Digital art is an artistic work or practice that uses digital technology as an essential part of the creative or presentation process .
Ann Hobson Pilot is an American musician and the former principal harpist of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Boston Pops .
Lefteris Pantazis on 27 March 1955 to Pontic Greek parents in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, in the USSR .
yukihiro is a Japanese musician, best known as drummer of the rock band L'Arc-en-Ciel .
Ampersand Communications Ltd is a Liverpool based company that specialises in Design, Marketing and Public Relations .
The Union of South Africa is the historic predecessor to the present-day Republic of South Africa .
James Robison is an American televangelist and the founder and President of the Christian relief organization Life Outreach International .
General Sir Francis George ""Frank"" Hassett AC, KBE, CB, DSO, LVO was an Australian general who rose to the position of Chief of the Defence Force Staff, the professional head of the Australian Defence Force, serving in this capacity from November 1975 until April 1977 .
Myah Moore is a beauty queen from Portland, Oregon who competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Management Consulting Group, PLC is a consulting company listed on the London Stock Exchange under the name MMC .
Andrew James Hartley is a British-born American novelist, who writes mystery thrillers, which have been USA Today and New York Times bestsellers, reflect this interest in the past, and particularly in the history of culture and ideas .
The Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative is an electric distribution cooperative which is headquartered in Hughesville, Maryland .
The Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet , an unrecognized state established in November 1931 by Mao Zedong and Zhu De during the Chinese civil war .
Colorado Springs has been the subject or setting for many books, movies and television shows, and is especially a frequent backdrop for political thrillers and military-themed stories because of its many military installations and vital importance to the United States continental defense .
Collins & Aikman Corporation was an automotive manufacturer of cockpit modules and automotive floor and acoustic systems and a supplier of instrument panels, automotive fabric, plastic based trim and convertible top systems .
L&L Hawaiian Barbecue, or simply L&L and known as L&L Drive-Inn in Hawaii, is a theme franchise restaurant chain based in Honolulu, Hawaii, centered on the Hawaiian plate lunch when he expanded to the mainland with the intention of giving mainland American customers a better idea of the Hawaiian plate lunch cuisine and to draw excitement from the popularity of Hawaii .
Suning Appliance Company Limited is one of the largest privately owned retailers in China, headquartered in Nanjing, Jiangsu .
People of the “Kosal region” of India are demanding a politically separate Kosal state or Paschimanchal from Orissa .
The Association for Perioperative Practice , is a British charity and professional body whose aims ""include the promotion of high standards of perioperative care, the exchange of professional information between members and co-operation with other professional bodies"" .
The North Ossetian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Russian SFSR within Soviet Union .
Peter O'Doherty is a musician with Australian band Dog Trumpet and formerly with Australian band Mental As Anything .
Raffles Hotels & Resorts is a collection of luxury properties located in major cities around the globe .
Caxton Associates is a global macro hedge fund founded by Bruce Kovner in 1983 and is headquartered in New York City .
The Hawk Model Company was one of the first American manufacturers of injection-molded plastic model kits .
Gary Tobius Ellerson is a former American football player with the University of Wisconsin–Madison, the Green Bay Packers and the Detroit Lions .
Chevrolet Europe GmbH is a subsidiary company of GM Korea , founded in 2005, with headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland .
Stainless Games is an independent British video game developer based in Newport, Isle of Wight that is best known for the creation of the multimillion-selling Carmageddon franchise .
The Kingdom of Matamba was a pre-colonial African state located in what is now the Baixa de Cassange region of Malanje Province of modern day Angola .
Carolina Gynning Nilsson is a Swedish glamour model, actress, author, jewelry designer and television presenter .
Firdaus Kharas : The Three Amigos Campaign, targeting the spread of HIV/AIDS; Buzz and Bite, focussing on protection against malaria; and No Excuses, combatting domestic violence .
Richard Kaczynski is an American writer and lecturer in the fields of social psychology, metaphysical beliefs and new religious movements .
The McGuff Companies consist of three entities: a wholesale distributor of medical supplies, a compounding pharmacy, and a pharmaceutical manufacturing facility which produces sterile injectables for national and international distribution .
Reserve Bank of India, after setting up of the Board for Payment and Settlement Systems in 2005, released a vision document incorporating a proposal to set up an umbrella institution for all the RETAIL PAYMENT SYSTEMS in the country .
Yerevan , is the capital and largest city of Armenia and one of the world's oldest continuously inhabited cities .
Robert Mills Gagné was an American educational psychologist best known for his ""Conditions of Learning"" .
Alice Varnado Harden was a Democratic member of the Mississippi Senate, representing the 28th District from 1988 until her death .
Sonbai Besar or Greater Sonbai was an extensive princedom of West Timor, in present-day Indonesia, which existed from 1658 to 1906 and played an important role in the history of Timor .
The Baltic Touring Car Championship or BaTCC is a touring car racing series held each year in the Baltic states .
Cheney Racing is a British motorcycle manufacturer, originally founded by Eric Cheney, based in Petersfield, Hampshire which builds complete specialist high performance motocross motorcycles, rolling chassis or frame kits to individual customer specifications .
Edward , who married to John III the Good, duke of Brittany, but no son .
The Legion of Valor is a federally chartered corporation created to promote patriotic allegiance to the United States, fidelity to the U .
Scottish & Newcastle plc was a brewing company headquartered in Edinburgh, Scotland which expanded significantly from its home base to become an international business with beer volumes growing almost tenfold .
Daniel Christian Manuel Boemle, Dänu Boemle, ""Sleepy Dan"", ""Öml"" was a well-known Swiss radio DJ .
Clarity Partners, LP is a private equity firm headquartered in Beverly Hills, California that focuses on investments in media, telecommunications and business services .
Conair Corporation is a private US-based multinational corporation which sells small appliances, personal care products, and health and beauty products for both professionals and consumers .
The Centre Region occupies 69,000 km² of the central plains of the Republic of Cameroon .
Forship Engenharia is a Brazilian business group, with significant presence in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and Africa .
Sibylle Baier is a German folk singer and actress whose musical abilities achieved belated recognition with the 2006 release of the album Colour Green, compiled from songs she had recorded in the early 1970s .
Elonex is a computer hardware and related IT services company based in Birmingham, UK, that develops eBook Readers, Android eTouch Tablets, and other consumer electronics .
The Annabelle Candy Company, also known as Annabelle's, is a Hayward, California, USA, based candy manufacturer .
AFP Provida or Administradora de Fondos de Pensiones Provida and also in Eastern Europe .
Allier is a French department located in the Auvergne region of central France named after the river Allier .
Kavieng is the capital of the Papua New Guinean province of New Ireland and the largest town on the island of the same name .
Bucharest , and has the same administrative level as that of a national county, being further subdivided into six sectors, each governed by a local mayor .
Dmitri Nikolayevich Khomich is a Russian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Kairat .
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners is a Hamilton, Bermuda-based open-ended income trust that was initially listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1999 as Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund .
San Andrés is the capital city of the department of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina, in Colombia .
Nikki Gemmell is an Australian author, best known for writing the best-selling erotic trilogy The Bride Stripped Bare, With My Body and I Take You .
ChampionChip is a brand name of one type of passive RFID transponders, marked with a unique identification number and used in active sports events to keep track of the competition times of participants .
Arnold Friberg was an American illustrator and painter noted for his religious and patriotic works .
Pinnacle Financial Partners is a bank headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee operating in middle and East Tennessee .
The Museum of the Confederacy encompasses museums in Richmond and Appomattox, Virginia as well as the historic home which served as the White House of the Confederacy adjacent to the Richmond museum .
ITV Digital was a British digital terrestrial television broadcaster, which launched a pay-TV service on the world's first digital terrestrial television network .
The Treaty of Watertown, the first foreign treaty concluded by the United States of America after the adoption of the Declaration of Independence, was signed on July 19, 1776, in the Edmund Fowle House in the town of Watertown, Massachusetts Bay .
John Charles McDermott is a Scottish-Canadian tenor best known for his rendering of the song ""Danny Boy"" .
Nicolas Pierre Ouédec is a retired French professional footballer who played as a striker .
Kirk Pengilly is an Australian musician, best known as a member of the Australian rock group INXS .
The Atlantis Group is a group of companies based in Reading, England which was formed in 2000 by John Sykes .
Jean-Baptiste de Laubier , also known by his artist name Para One, is a French electronic music producer and film director .
CLJ Records is a German independent record label formed in 2006 specializing in Japanese visual kei style rock and metal bands .
James Sutton , known as Jam Sutton, is an English artist, photographer and music video director .
Eutechnyx is a British computer and video games developer, founded in November 1987 as Zeppelin Games and was also briefly known as Merit Studios Europe in 1994 .
Vito Joseph Lopez is an American politician, former member of the New York State Assembly, and the former chairman of the Democratic Party of Kings County .
Antoine Tempé is a French born photographer who has done works in New York City, West Africa and France .
Akshay Luciano Bacheta is a professional British racecar driver, born to Indian parents and with Italian ancestry .
FLIP Publicity & Promotions Inc is a Canadian arts and entertainment communications agency that provides publicity and promotions strategies for clients, many of whom are in the entertainment realm .
Rogers Orchards, in Southington, Connecticut, is an agricultural-produce company owned and operated by members of the same family since its founding in 1807 and one of the leading agricultural producers in Connecticut .
ServersCheck is a Belgian based and privately owned technology company founded in 2003 manufacturing infrastructure monitoring solutions .
The Kingdom of Afghanistan was a constitutional monarchy in southern central Asia established in 1926 as a successor state to the Emirate of Afghanistan .
The Islamic Revolutionary State of Afghanistan was a small Salafist state established in the 1980s, located in the north of Bashgal Valley, Nuristan Province .
The March of Zeitz was a march of the Holy Roman Empire, created through the division of the marca Geronis in 965, when the Emperor Otto I, on the death of Gero the Great .
Reel Cinemas is a cineplex in the United Arab Emirates operated by Emaar Properties .
Berman's Bakery is the oldest commercial bakery in Israel and the second-largest after Angel Bakeries .
The Sultanate of Cirebon in Cirebon; Keraton Kasepuhan, Kraton Kanoman, Keraton Kacirebonan, and Keraton Keprabonan, each has their own lineage and all are the descendants and remnants of the Cirebon Sultanate .
The Serb-Hungarian Baranya-Baja Republic was a short-lived, Soviet-oriented mini-state, proclaimed in Pécs on 14 August 1921, on occupied Hungarian territory during the peacemaking aftermath of the first World War, tolerated and fostered by the newly proclaimed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes .
Nulogy is a software as a service company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that develops specialized solutions for challenging problems in the field of supply chain management and contract packaging .
Mumtaz is a food group based in the City of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England .
The JMG Academy is a sports organisation and training company established by French international football player Jean-Marc Guillou .
Susan Bulkeley Butler is the founder and CEO of the Susan Bulkeley Butler Institute for the Development of Women Leaders in Tucson, Arizona, and the author of the book Become the CEO of You, Inc .
Zavodoukovsky Urban Okrug in Tyumen Oblast, Russia, one of the five urban okrugs in the oblast .
Colbún is a utility company in Chile engaged in the electric power transmission segment .
Darragh Morgan was born in Belfast in 1974, and is one of London's most sought after interpreters of new music .
DMP Digital Music Products was one of the first fully digital recording labels, generally specializing in jazz artists .
Laguna is a Brazilian municipality located in the southern state of Santa Catarina, 120 kilometers south of the state's capital, Florianópolis, and north east of Porto Alegre .
Prabhat Film Company popularly known as Prabhat Films was an Indian film production company and film studios, formed in Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India in 1929, towards the end of silent films' era, by the noted film director V .
Sony Imagesoft was a video game publisher that operated from 1989 to 1995 and was located in California .
Slug Signorino is an illustrator and designer most notable for his cartoons in The Straight Dope, a nationally syndicated weekly newspaper column that he has illustrated since 1975 .
The American Letter Mail Company was started by Lysander Spooner in 1844, competing with the legal monopoly of the United States Post Office in violation of the Private Express Statutes .
Lüneburg was one of the four Regierungsbezirke of Lower Saxony, Germany, located in the north of the federal state between the three cities Bremen, Hamburg and Hanover .
American Classic Voyages was an American-based cruise ship holding company cruise line, headquartered in Chicago, that operated between 1993 and 2001 .
Turner Construction Company is one of the largest construction management companies in the United States, with a construction volume of $9 billion in 2012 .
The Adamawa Emirate , including minor Parts of Western Chad and the Central African republic .
Inwa or Ava , is an ancient imperial capital of successive Burmese kingdoms from the 14th to 19th centuries .
The free-software movement is a social movement with the goal of obtaining and guaranteeing certain freedoms for software users, namely the freedom to run the software, to study and change the software, and to redistribute copies with or without changes .
DPMS Panther Arms manufactures a wide range of military and civilian rifles in St .
Oriental Star Agencies is a British based record label, based in the Balsall Heath area of Birmingham .
Cassern Sebastian Goto is an author primarily notable for his novels and short stories set in the Warhammer 40,000 universe .
The Inter-Services Public Relations , is, in principle, an administrative military media brand to broadcast and coordinate military news and information to the country's civilian media and the civic society .
The Alligator is a Feet forwards motorcycle built by Dan Gurney Alligator Motorcycle Company which is the motorcycle division of the former driver/racing team owner's All American Racers workshop in Santa Ana, California .
Laboratorium Komputerowe Avalon , abbreviated LK Avalon, is a Polish software developer and distributor, with product range encompassing video games, educational software and other applications .
Air India Limited is a company that was formed as National Aviation Company of India Limited by the government of India to oversee the merger of Air India and Indian .
Bevin Brothers Manufacturing company is a family-owned bell foundry located in East Hampton, Connecticut .
Arkís is an Icelandic architectural practice based in Reykjavík that has been in operation since 1997 .
The margraviate of Antwerp consisted since the eleventh century of the area around the cities of Antwerp and Breda .
Delta Career Education Corporation is a Virginia-based education corporation spanning multiple campuses over several States in the USA .
Cimmeria is a fictional land of barbarians in the Hyborian Age, and the homeland of Conan the Barbarian in the works of Robert E .
Alanzu is a small town in Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma .
Carlo Evasio Soliva After a life spent composing, teaching, and conducting in Italy, Poland, Russia, Switzerland, and France, he died in Paris at the age of 62 .
The Commonwealth, or Commonwealth of England, was the period from 1649 onwards when England, along later with Ireland and Scotland, was ruled as a republic following the end of the Second English Civil War and the trial and execution of Charles I .
Ardahan Province , is a province in the north-east of Turkey, at the very end of the country, where Turkey borders with Georgia .
In Greek mythology, Zeuxippe and Pheno, and with her husband Sicyon the mother of Chthonophyle .
Anna Kanakis to a Greek father and an Italian mother, is an Italian actress and model .
CQout is an online auction company which is based in the UK and trades nationally in over 80 countries .
See also Thiess/Thies is the third largest city in Senegal with a population officially estimated at 320,000 in 2005 .
Internet censorship in Pakistan is government control of information sent and received using the Internet in Pakistan .
Karst Underwater Research which is dedicated to the preservation and protection of Karst aquifers and the quality of their water by conducting relevant scientific research and documentation of Karst aquifer surface features and corresponding underwater caverns and conduits .
Gülşen Bubikoğlu is a Turkish actress, one of the leading ladies of Turkish cinema in the 1970s and into the early 1980s .
The Confederate Monument, in the city cemetery of Versailles, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS .
Al Bahah was the name given to Al Baha by the Sharif of Mecca .
Burma , Burma had a low level of human development, ranking 150 out of 187 countries .
Nick Ramsay is a British Conservative politician who has been a Member of the Welsh Assembly since 2007 .
Marc Perrin de Brichambaut in Vienna, and from 1994 to 1998, he headed the French Foreign Ministry's Legal Division .
Willow Garage is a robotics research lab and technology incubator devoted to developing hardware and open source software for personal robotics applications .
In the political language of Russia and some other post-Soviet states, the near abroad refers to the newly independent republics which emerged after the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
Prasad Art Productions or Prasad Art Pictures Private Limited is a movie production house in South India .
Saint Benedict Press, LLC , a division of Goodwill Publishers, is a publisher founded in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA, in 2006 .
The Pashalik of Yanina or Janina was a subdivision of the Ottoman Empire centred on the region of Epirus and had a high degree of autonomy in the early 19th century under Ali Pasha, although it was never recognized as such by the Ottoman empire .
MacConkey agar is a selective and differential culture medium designed to selectively isolate Gram-negative and enteric bacilli bacteria and differentiate them based on lactose fermentation .
Jorge Antonio Cafrune was one of the most popular Argentine folklorist singers of his time, as well as an unflagging investigator, compilator, and diffuser of the native culture .
TEAMtalk media is an independently owned digital media company specialising in the production, publication and commercialisation of sports news, content and data across multiple platforms – white labelling agnostic content .
The Second Hellenic Republic is the historiographical term for the political regime of Greece between 1924 and 1935 .
Patrick George Anthony Barrett , better known by his stage name Tony Rebel, is a Jamaican reggae deejay .
Andrew Robert Horsefield better known by his ring name Andrew Pendelton III, is an American professional wrestler .
Sadbhav Engineering Limited is a civil engineering construction company based in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India .
NorthSouth Productions is a television production company in the United States that was founded by Charlie DeBevoise and Mark Hickman in 2000 .
Golden Flake Snack Foods, a wholly owned subsidiary of Golden Enterprises, is a producer of potato chips, tortilla chips, corn chips, cheese curls, fried pork skins, and other snack foods in the southern United States .
Basware Corporation is a Finnish software company selling enterprise software for financial processes, purchase to pay and financial management; main competitors in this arena include Ariba and iPayables .
The Khanate of Khiva , the fifth son of Jochi and grandson of Genghis Khan .
William Clowes was a printer who developed the use of steam-powered printing presses in the industry .
The Habsburg Monarchy or Empire is an unofficial appellation among historians for the countries and provinces that were ruled by the junior Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg until 1780 and then by the successor branch of Habsburg-Lorraine until 1918 .
SunWater, the trading name of SunWater Limited, is a statutory Queensland Government-owned corporation that supplies bulk water to over 5,000 customers and water consultancy services to a range of institutional clients in the Wide Bay–Burnett and North West regions of Queensland, Australia .
Balducci’s Food Lover’s Market is a specialty gourmet food retailer in the United States with six grocery stores .
Douglas ""Doug"" Parkinson is an Australian singer who first came to fame with his band, Doug Parkinson in Focus, in 1969 .
Café de Paris is a London nightclub, located in the West End, beside Leicester Square on Coventry Street, Piccadilly .
The Nordic Language Convention is a convention of linguistic rights which came into force on 1 March 1987, under the auspices of the Nordic Council .
Keith Dworkin is the co-adaptor of The Frogs by Aristophanes that was performed off-off-Broadway by Rising Sun Performance Company .
Juba is the capital and largest city of the Republic of South Sudan .
Heidi Peterson Barrett is a winemaker who has been responsible for some of California's most notable cult wines, including Screaming Eagle, Dalla Valle Vineyards, Paradigm Winery, Grace Family Vineyards, Amuse Bouche, Lamborn Family Vineyards, Showket Vineyards and Fantesca, is a consultant for Diamond Creek Vineyards and Niebaum-Coppola,Kenzo Estate and has her own wine label, La Sirena .
Blue Bus of North Lanarkshire, also known as Blue Bus of Shotts or Law of Shotts, is a bus operator primarily serving the area of Shotts, North Lanarkshire in West Scotland .
Diego Medrano Fernández is a Spanish poet, narrator and regular columnist of Asturian newspaper El Comercio .
Olufemi Pedro was the Deputy Governor of Lagos State, Nigeria from 2003 until 2007 .
Skyward is a software company specializing in K–12 administrative software packages used in schools to manage and store information pertaining to Student Management, Human Resources, Financial Management, Food Service and Special Education .
WorldCell is an American-based corporation that provides international mobile service to federal agencies, international businesses, and individual travelers .
Glassnote Records is a record label that was launched by American music executive, Daniel Glass, in 2007 .
Chris Carr is an American motorcycle dirt-track racer and seven-time winner of the A .
Hispanic America or Spanish America areas that are now in either the United States or Canada .
Saipan is the largest island of the Northern Mariana Islands, a commonwealth of the United States in the western Pacific Ocean .
Health Care Service Corporation is a Mutual Legal Reserve Company, an Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and the largest customer-owned health insurance company in the United States .
Mark Nelson Chesnutt — and his 1996 Greatest Hits album have all achieved RIAA platinum certification in the United States, while 1994's What a Way to Live was certified gold .
Cable magnate Bill Daniels created the Young Americans Bank in 1987 after a group of elementary students in Denver, Colorado were denied a loan from other banks for a school project Young Americans Bank is housed under Young Americans Center for Financial Education, a 501 , and credit card accounts .
Princess Margarita Maria Beatriz of Bourbon-Parma, Countess of Colorno , is the eldest daughter of Princess Irene of the Netherlands and Carlos Hugo, Duke of Parma, and is member of the Royal and Ducal House of Bourbon-Parma, as well of the Dutch Royal Family .
Croatia national football team have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on four occasions since gaining independence in 1991 .
Gareth Davies and has been seen many times on the BBC documentary television series Trauma, Trauma Uncut and An Hour to Save Your Life He has also made an appearance as a mentor in an episode of the CBBC series Hero Squad, and on Channel 5's Trauma Doctors .
Jane Bee is the name of a fictional character, the protagonist of several murder mystery novels by the Canadian author Douglas Whiteway and a great-aunt Grace who lives near London .
The Madras Players is an Indian amateur theatre group and is the oldest English-language theatre group in Chennai, India .
The International Study Group on Music Archaeology is a study group of researchers who carry out research in the field of music archaeology .
Charlie Lomax David Condou is an actor and writer best known for playing midwife, Marcus Dent, in the long-running TV series, Coronation Street, the top soap in the UK .
Thomas Edward Seymour , the Web-Emmy nominated Hulu series Net_Work as the character ""Tom: The Coolest Guy in The Office"" and The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in the ""Easter Bunny Hates You"" digital video .
Boans is the name of a department store that operated in Perth, Western Australia between 1895 and 1986 .
Warp X is a British film production company, sister to Warp Films based in Sheffield, UK with further offices in Nottingham and London .
Youser or Shaanxi Non-ferrous Metals Holding Group is the biggest molybdenum and titanium mining and metallurgy company in Shaanxi, China .
Pravin Godkhindi , ENCHANTING DIVINE, BAMBOO MAGIC, ORIENT IS ALIVE, MURALI NAADADevotionalA FEATHER DANCES, NAMMAMMA SHARADE, SHRINIKETANA, MADHURAWANI, TOOGIRE RANGANA, OM, MORNING PRAYERS .
Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar is an Indian director, actor, screen writer and a lyricist who predominantly works in Kannada Cinema .
Nature Sounds is a record label based in Brooklyn, New York, specializing in hip hop and reggae music .
Edward McCallion , commonly known as Eddie McCallion, is an association football defender from Derry, Northern Ireland .
Lewis Wilby is a British kiteboarding enthusiast who has been involved in the sport since the age of 14 .
Saint Helena and more than 5,000 Boers taken prisoner during the Second Boer War .
Yaziza Entertainment is an Namibian record label founded by Namibian rapper Sunny Boy in 2006 .
Deluxe Corporation is one of the two largest check printers in the United States, and provides various personalized products and services to small businesses, financial institutions, and consumers .
Allsup's, sometimes misspelled as Allsups, is a family-owned chain of convenience stores that serves New Mexico and Texas, with one store in Frederick, Oklahoma .
Covidien Public Limited Company was an Irish-headquartered global health care products company and manufacturer of medical devices and supplies .
Min was one of the Ten Kingdoms which was in existence between the years of 909 and 945 .
Dan Clute before joining the Citi Cards operations center in West Des Moines, Iowa .
Wolfgang Detmann, better known as Candy de Rouge , is a German producer and songwriter .
Wa is a town and is the capital of Wa Municipal District and the Upper West Region of north Ghana .
The USWA Middleweight Championship was a short-lived title in the United States Wrestling Association for the lighter wrestlers in 1993 .
Nick Bertozzi , examines the creation of cubism in 1907 Paris in the context of a fictional murder mystery .
Painan is a coastal town that serves as the capital of the South Pesisir regency of West Sumatra, Indonesia .
Profit Investment Management, LLC is a SEC registered investment advisory firm based in metropolitan Washington, DC with approximately $2 billion under management .
Paula Mendez Carreras is a popular Argentine chef who was born in Buenos Aires in 1972 .
James Eadie was a Scottish brewer who founded an eponymous brewery in Burton on Trent which operated for 90 years .
Philip Caveney is a British children's author, best known for the Sebastian Darke, Alec Devlin and Movie Maniacs novels .
Liberia , officially the Republic of Liberia, is a country in West Africa bordered by Sierra Leone to its west, Guinea to its north and Ivory Coast to its east .
Emperor Motion Pictures（Chinese: 英皇電影） known as EMP, is a film producer and distributor, part of the Emperor Group .
The Democratic Republic of Vietnam , North Vietnam and the Viet Cong supported by its communist allies, including the Soviet Union and China, fought against the military of the Republic of Vietnam government, the U .
The League of God's House was formed in what is now Switzerland on January 29, 1367 to resist the rising power of the Bishopric of Chur and the House of Habsburg .
The Antique Wine Company is a wine merchant specialising in fine and rare wines, based in London .
Sonbai Kecil or Lesser Sonbai was an Atoni princedom in West Timor, now included in Indonesia .
The Kingdom of Makuria , and the kingdom is sometimes known by the name of its capital .
Luca Barbareschi is an Italian-Uruguayan actor, television presenter and politician, member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies .
In Greek mythology, Altes was a Lelegian king who resided at Pedasus, which was situated in or near the Troad .
Itaú CorpBanca is the third largest commercial bank in Chile, the bank is owned by Itaú Unibanco, the second largest bank in Latin America by assets, only after Banco do Brasil .
Lowell Ray Barron is a former Democratic politician, businessman who was a member of the Alabama Senate, and represented the 8th District since 1982 .
The Republic of Kosova was a self-declared state proclaimed in 1992 by an assembly of ethnic Albanian politicians of AP Kosovo and Metohija .
The European Financial Services Round Table brings together Chairmen and Chief Executives of leading European banks and insurance companies .
The First French Empire by the French Sénat and was crowned on 2 December 1804, ending the period of the French Consulate and of the French First Republic .
Wayne Bertram Williams is a convicted murderer who has been blamed for committing most of the Atlanta Child Murders of 1979 through 1981 .
Stoddard-Dayton was a high quality car manufactured by Dayton Motor Car Company in Dayton, Ohio, USA, between 1905 and 1913 .
Daphne's Greek Cafe or, Daphne's California Greek is a fast-casual Greek restaurant operating in Arizona, California, Colorado, Oregon and Washington .
Shwegu is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar .
Alberta ""Berta"" Gardner is a Democratic member of the Alaska State Senate, representing District H since 2013 .
Port Sudan is a port city in Sudan, and the capital of the state of Red Sea .
VTap is a video search engine launched on 10 September 2007 and designed for broadband-enabled phones and developed by venture capitalist firm Veveo; a funded startup headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts .
Delap Cemetery is a Civil War cemetery located on Delap Lane in Campbell County, Tennessee .
Vianden is a commune with city status in the Oesling, north-eastern Luxembourg, with over 1,800 inhabitants .
Mendoza destination and base for exploring the region's hundreds of wineries located along the Argentina Wine Route .
Lopez Negrete Communications is an advertising agency based out of Houston, Texas that focuses on the Hispanic community .
Kolattunādu , the author Krshna Gatha, a landmark in the development of Malayalam literature, lived in the court of Udayavarman Kolattiri .
Atropatene was an ancient kingdom established and ruled under local ethnic Iranian dynasties first with Darius III of Persia and later Alexander the Great of Macedonia starting in the 4th century BC and includes the territory of modern-day Iranian Azarbaijan and Iranian Kurdistan .
Dave Panichi is an Australian jazz musician, trombonist and composer who began his professional musical career in 1975 .
The Basque Country , the name given to the home of the Basque people, of which it is a component part .
Doha December 2012 and will host a large number of the venues for the 2022 FIFA World Cup .
Heaven Music is an independent record label in Athens, Greece, founded in 2001 by ANT1 Group .
Cospaia is an Italian hamlet of the comune of San Giustino in the Province of Perugia, Umbria .
The Cannes Mandelieu Space Center is an industrial plant dedicated to spacecraft manufacturing, located in both the towns of Cannes and Mandelieu in France .
Baptist Health, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a network of five hospitals, affiliated with 45 primary care offices located throughout Northeast Florida and Southeast Georgia .
Donna Richardson Joyner is an American fitness and aerobics instructor, author and ESPN television sports commentator .
Mimount Bousakla ""for her efforts and perseverance in the fight against fascism and racial discrimination"" .
The Islamic State of Afghanistan was the new official name of the country Afghanistan after the fall of the communist state .
Chuck Campbell is a Canadian actor who portrayed the role of Chuck the Technician on Stargate Atlantis .
Audi AG subsidiary of Volkswagen Group since 1966, following a phased purchase of Audi AG's predecessor, Auto Union, from Daimler-Benz .
Cincinnati Center City Development Corporation is a private, non-profit real-estate development and finance organization focused on strategically revitalizing Cincinnati's downtown urban core in partnership with the City of Cincinnati and the Cincinnati corporate community .
Benoît Pilon is a French-language Canadian director and screenwriter particularly noted for his innovative films and documentaries on the human condition .
Adam Leventhal which allows users to observe, debug and tune system behavior in real time .
Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic or Mountain ASSR and had two cities: Grozny and Vladikavkaz .
Bilingual Review Press is an American publishing house specialising in the publication of scholarly and literary works by Hispanic and Latino American authors and researchers .
Rewards Network is a restaurant marketing company that provides restaurants with access to diners who belong to various dining rewards programs .
In Greek mythology, Eteoneus was the son of Boethous, and King Menelaus of Sparta's weapon-carrier during the Trojan War .
Depok is a city in West Java province, Indonesia on the southern border of DKI Jakarta in the Jabodetabek metropolitan region .
Osaka Dojima Commodity Exchange Non-GMO soybeans — identity-preserved number 2 yellow soybeans of certain USA states origin, delivered in Japan Raw silk — 27 denier 3A produced in Japan, delivered to Kobe or Yokohama Raw sugar — from various countries of origin, delivery at various Japanese ports .
The Filene Research Institute is an American credit union and consumer-finance think tank headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin .
Fred LeBlanc is the lead singer/drummer for the New Orleans-based rock band Cowboy Mouth, and a freelance songwriter, record producer, short story author, and acoustic performer .
News-Transcript Group, based in Framingham, Massachusetts, USA, was a newspaper publisher eastern Massachusetts, overseeing three daily newspapers and several weekly newspapers before being bought by Fidelity Investments in 1995 and dissolved into Community Newspaper Company the next year .
Lenine, artist name of Osvaldo Lenine Macedo Pimentel is a Brazilian singer-songwriter from Recife, Pernambuco .
Adrian Griffin is an Australian-born drummer who played drums for the Melbourne band 28 Days and for Tom Ugly .
Beechcraft Corporation is an American manufacturer of general aviation and military aircraft, ranging from light single-engined aircraft to twin-engined turboprop transports, and military trainers .
The Abraham Lincoln Institute , founded in 1997, is a non-profit organization promoting scholarly research on the subject of Abraham Lincoln .
Joanna Ampil recording as Mary Magdalene and on the Miss Saigon: Complete Symphonic Recording as Kim .
Bacary Sagna is a French footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and for the France national football team .
Dolok Sanggul is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Humbang Hasundutan Regency .
Panun Kashmir founded in December 1990 in Jammu, in order to demand that a separate homeland for Kashmir's Hindu population be carved out of the overwhelmingly Muslim Valley of Kashmir .
Rich Gossweiler is a research scientist with Google whose area of expertise is in system and interaction design .
Arenberg, also spelled as Aremberg or Ahremberg, is a historic county, principality and finally duchy located in modern Germany .
Thunes Mekaniske Værksted A/S, Thune for short, was a Norwegian manufacturing company that among other things built locomotives .
Ras Al Khaimah Free Trade Zone is a special economic zone in Ras Al Khaimah, which is one of the seven emirates that comprise the United Arab Emirates, along with Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
Neville Maxwell is a retired Australian-British journalist and scholar who authored the 1970 book India's China War, which is considered an authoritative analysis of the 1962 Sino-Indian War .
The city of Puebla , formally Puebla de los Ángeles, is the seat of the Municipality of Puebla, the capital and largest city of the state of Puebla, and one of the five most important Spanish colonial cities in Mexico .
Sezmi was a cloud based video delivery platform for television providers to deliver services over several IP devices like tablet and mobile computing devices .
Slovenia have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on two occasions in 2002 and 2010 .
Craig Mawson is an English footballer who works as a goalkeeping coach for Burnley .
Capcom Vancouver is a video game developer owned by Capcom, and currently holds a partnership with Microsoft Studios .
Vocus is a public relations software company based in Beltsville, Maryland, United States, serving clients worldwide .
Virgin Mobile India Limited is a cellular telephone service provider company which is a joint venture between Tata Teleservices and Richard Branson's Virgin Group .
Mauro Matías Zárate Riga is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for English club Queens Park Rangers, on loan from West Ham United .
STANANDLOU is an independently owned advertising agency with its headquarters located in Houston, Texas .
Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez Chiva, Valencia, Spain, also known as Enrique Ponce, is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
Alison Patricia Megarrity , a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Menai for the Australian Labor Party between 1999 and 2011 .
Devin Thomas is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent .
The Shilluk Kingdom was located along the banks of the White Nile river in modern South Sudan .
Airai, located on the southern coast of Babeldaob island, is the second-most populous state of Palau .
Malta , officially the Republic of Malta , with a population of around 416,000, making it one of the world's smallest and most densely populated countries .
Mallory Jones Lynch Flynn & Associates is an international ship brokerage and advisory firm with primary officeslocated in Stamford, Connecticut, and a second office located in Athens, Greece .
The Bank of Rajasthan Ltd was a private sector bank of India which merged with ICICI Bank in 2010 .
Komi-Zyryan Autonomous Oblast, one of several autonomous oblasts that existed in the former Soviet Union, was created August 22, 1921 .
Hatay State , also known informally as the Republic of Hatay, was a transitional political entity that existed from September 7, 1938, to June 29, 1939, in the territory of the Sanjak of Alexandretta of the French Mandate of Syria .
Angela D'Amore , a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, representing the electorate of Drummoyne from 2003 until 2011 .
Waikabubak is a town in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia and it is the capital of West Sumba Regency .
Franco Ambrosetti is a Swiss jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist and composer born in Lugano, Switzerland, perhaps most noteworthy for his many albums released on the jazz recording label Enja Records .
Gallia Aquitania , also known as Aquitaine or Aquitaine Gaul, was a province of the Roman Empire .
Salm-Kyrburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire located in present-day Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, one of the various partitions of Salm .
The Delaware Otsego Corporation is an American railway holding company which owns the subsidiary New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway as well as other, smaller branch line railroads, collectively known as the DO System .
Aaron Naparstek is the founding editor and creator of Streetsblog, a web site providing daily coverage of transportation, land use and environmental issues in New York City .
Danzel is a Belgian musician of house, techno and dance, who reached the number 11 in the UK Singles Chart in November 2004 with the single, ""Pump It Up!"" .
Supernatural Chicago, currently in its seventh year of performances, has become a mainstay of the Chicago theater scene .
Breeze Publications is a privately owned publisher based in Lincoln, Rhode Island, serving northern and western Providence County with five free tabloid-format weekly newspapers .
WiiCade is a website designed to provide users of the Wii console with browser games tuned for use on the console systems .
Bernadette Lorraine Palisada Sembrano Aguinaldo also known as Bernadette Sembrano or Ate B is a popular reporter, newscaster and television host in the Philippines .
Pacific Equity Partners , Independent Liquor, Godfreys, Griffin's Foods, Frucor, Peters Ice Cream and Tegel Foods .
Bale is the name of two former polities located in the southeastern part of modern Ethiopia .
The Kingdom of Bumthang was one of several small kingdoms within the territory of modern Bhutan before the first consolidation under Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in 1616 .
Arthur Rhames was a guitarist, tenor saxophonist, pianist and melodica stylist, Krishna devotee, and a legend of New York City avant-garde jazz .
Michael Joseph ""Mike"" Panetta was the District of Columbia shadow representative, from January 2007 through January 2013 .
The Constantinos Karamanlis Institute for Democracy , as well as an international office in Brussels, at the headquarters of the European People’s Party .
The Dunfermline Building Society was a building society and later a trading division of Nationwide Building Society, based in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland .
Sofifi is a settlement on the west coast of the Indonesian island of Halmahera, and since 2010 has been the capital of the province of North Maluku .
Omega Drivers were unofficial, third-party device drivers for ATI and NVIDIA graphics cards, created by Angel Trinidad .
Van Diemen's Land was the original name used by most Europeans for the island of Tasmania, now part of Australia .
Simsari is a web based product designed and developed by Emirates Real Estate Solutions, an authorized agency to provide technological solutions for the real estate industry of the UAE .
Allen Jack+Cottier is an architectural practice with offices in Sydney, Brisbane, Perth, Ho Chi Minh City, Kuala Lumpur, Beijing and Shanghai .
Kara Janét Edwards is an American radio personality, and voice actress at Funimation/OkraTron 5000 .
Mountain America Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in West Jordan, Utah, regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration .
Square Pie is a British food retail chain based in Hackney, east London, which specialises in handmade pies .
Porbandar About this sound pronunciation is a coastal city in the Indian state of Gujarat, perhaps best known for being the birthplace of Mahatma Gandhi and Sudama .
Victor Shepherd is a Canadian Presbyterian minister, theology professor and author living in Toronto .
The Southern Yan was a state of Xianbei ethnicity during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China .
The Bruneian Empire was a Malay Sultanate, centred in Brunei on the northern coast of Borneo island in Southeast Asia .
Anthony Paul ""Tony"" Stewart in the New South Wales State Government from 8 September 2008 till 11 November 2008 .
The following table lists the highest and lowest temperatures recorded in each state in the United States, in both Fahrenheit and Celsius .
Leiningen-Westerburg was an historic state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the vicinity of Leiningen and Westerburg in what is now the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
ULTRA Diamonds is the fifth largest jewelry store chain in the USA and the largest seller of fine jewelry in factory outlet and value centers in the nation .
Tanai is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar .
swim ~ is a record label founded in 1993, and jointly run, by Wire guitarist and singer Colin Newman, and Minimal Compact bass player and singer Malka Spigel .
Aoi Nakamura , born on March 4, 1991 in Fukuoka, Japan, is a Japanese actor .
SAM Learning is an online education service for schools in the United Kingdom that supports personalised learning through a Self-Assessment Method of interactive revision and examination practice .
Don Wycherley is an Irish actor, probably best known for the portrayal of Father Cyril McDuff in the comedy Father Ted .
Adrian Truss is a British-born actor, writer, and director now living in Canada whose more recent work is as a voice actor for animated children's TV shows, Movies and commercials .
GE Capital Rail Services is a European railway services company owned by GE Capital and headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands .
Hidroelectrica is a state-owned company, its shares being held by the Ministry of Economy, Commerce and Business Environment which has as main objective power generation and services by using hydropower resources in Romania .
Jeff Celentano , also credited as Jeff Weston, is an American actor, screenwriter, and director .
Shubhashish Mazumder Bappa Along with singing, writing and composing, Bappa also has worked as an anchor, namely on The One, a musical talk show on Channel One, a channel that came to a close in 2010 .
Cristina Nardozzi is a beauty queen from Seekonk, Massachusetts who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
The Second French Empire was the Imperial Bonapartist regime of Napoleon III from 1852 to 1870, between the Second Republic and the Third Republic, in France .
Klaus Schrodt each day in order to clean hangars in exchange for 10 minutes of flying lessons .
Amanda Lee Mitteer is a beauty queen from Brattleboro, Vermont who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Sir Nigel Barnard Hawthorne, CBE was an English actor, perhaps best remembered for his role as Sir Humphrey Appleby, the Permanent Secretary in the 1980s sitcom Yes Minister and the Cabinet Secretary in its sequel, Yes, Prime Minister .
Sonja Aldén is a Swedish singer mostly famous for her 2006, 2007 and 2012 Melodifestivalen entries, and for working togetherh with Shirley Clamp and Sanna Nielsen, as well as her songwriting for other artists .
Carl Jah is an American rock musician and co-founder of the band Dread Zeppelin .
Elin Lanto is a Swedish singer who has had several hits in her home country, including the number one ""I Won't Cry .
The British Windward Islands was a British colony existing between 1833 and 1960 and consisting of the islands of Grenada, St Lucia, Saint Vincent, the Grenadines, Barbados Dominica, previously included in the British Leeward Islands .
Amanatun was an Atoni princedom situated in what is today Indonesian West Timor, which existed up to 1962 .
The Kingdom of Mrauk-U was a kingdom based in the Arakanese city of Mrauk-U which ruled Arakan and parts of Bengal from 1429 to 1785 .
The CBH Group , is a grain growers' cooperative that handles, markets and processes grain from the wheatbelt of Western Australia .
Keetmanshoop is a city in Karas Region, southern Namibia, lying on the Trans-Namib Railway from Windhoek to Upington in South Africa .
Sanos is a company from Skopje, Macedonia, which produces urban, suburban and intercity buses, airport buses and special vehicles .
DJ Red is a drum and bass DJ and record producer from London/Southampton UK and owner of Stealth Recordings .
Joan Lindsay, Lady Lindsay was an Australian author, best known for her ""ambiguous and intriguing"" novel Picnic at Hanging Rock .
The Rackspace Cloud is a set of cloud computing products and services billed on a utility computing basis from the US-based company Rackspace .
The Shōwa Steel Works ""Hayate"" Frank fighters, manufactured by Manshūkoku Hikōki Seizo KK, the plant suffered heavy damage from the air raids, losing up to 30% of its capacity .
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailey .
Bear Naked is a prepared foods company that produces granola, granola bars and ready to eat cereal .
Latvia has taken part in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest five times, first entering in the first contest in 2003 .
Bob Rusch , and produced or oversaw the release of hundreds of jazz releases; among those musicians he has produced are Bill Dixon, Chet Baker, Glenn Spearman, Ernie Krivda, Ivo Perelman, Noah Howard, Dominic Duval, Steuart Liebig, Cecil Taylor, Fred Hess, Anthony Braxton, Bill Barron, Paul Smoker, and Steve Swell .
Purwakarta is a City in the West Java province of Indonesia the capital of Purwakarta Regency .
Jamie Saft is a keyboardist and multi-instrumentalist, composer, sound engineer and producer living in upstate NY .
This article refers to the regency in Indonesia; see also Al-Quds in Central Java province in Indonesia .
Adam Cannata Emmenecker for his first three years at Drake, emerged from obscurity to lead the Bulldogs to a sweep of the regular-season and tournament titles in the Missouri Valley Conference, and received numerous honors for his performance as both a player and a student .
Gold Robot Records is an Oakland-based boutique vinyl record label, formed in 2007 and specializing in vinyl and digital releases .
The Fifth Republic is the fifth and current republican constitution of France, introduced on 4 October 1958 .
Eleanor Johnston, known by her professional name as Cristy Lane is an American country music and gospel music singer, best known for a number of major country hits in the late 70s and the early 1980s, including her cover version of the song, ""One Day at a Time"" .
Shakti Gawain is a New Age author and proponent of what she calls ""personal development"" .
David Benke is a Lutheran pastor and the current president of the Atlantic District of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod .
Bennion Lloyd Spencer is a journalist and professor, and was the 2008 Democratic candidate for Utah's 3rd congressional district running against Republican Jason Chaffetz .
David Keys, born David Nicholas Robert Johnson, is one of the few theremin players in the United Kingdom .
The Northwest Asian Weekly is a weekly Asian American newspaper based in Seattle, Washington's International District .
CPCS is a non-profit civic initiative that was established in 2001 and was registered in 2005 at Hyderabad, Sindh, Pakistan .
Acer Records is an independent record label, based in Hazel Grove, Greater Manchester, England, United Kingdom .
The Mukwano Group of Companies, commonly known as the Mukwano Group, is a conglomerate based in Uganda, with operations in other East African countries .
The Hyderābād State About this sound pronunciation was located in the south-central region of India, and was ruled, from 1724 until 1948, by a hereditary Nizam .
VEKA AG of Germany is the world's largest extruder of uPVC profiles used for windows and doors .
The Transylvania Colony was a short-lived, extra-legal colony founded during 1775 by land speculator Richard Henderson, who controlled the North Carolina based Transylvania Company .
Pathfinder Partners, LLC is a private equity firm based in San Diego, California making opportunistic investments in distressed real estate assets .
Alaska had been introduced in the Russian colonial period, when it was used to refer to the peninsula .
The County of Wernigerode was a county of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the Harzgau region of the former Duchy of Saxony, at the northern foot of the Harz mountain range .
Mexican Texas is the name given by Texas history scholars to Texas during the period between 1821 and 1836, when Texas was an integral part of Mexico .
PayTracker — billing system designed to account for services consumed by subscribers, calculation, and cancellation of funds in accordance with the tariffs of the company, as well as statistical information .
Reza Deghati, born July 26, 1952 in Tabriz, Iran is an Iranian-French photojournalist of Azerbaijani origin, who works under the name Reza .
Martin Oswald Hugh Carver, FSA, Hon FSA Scot is Emeritus Professor of Archaeology at the University of York, England, director of the Sutton Hoo Research Project and a leading exponent of new methods in excavation and survey .
Edward Paul ""Ed"" Hernández is an American optometrist and California State Senator who has represented the 24th Senate district since 2010 .
Horace Brown is an American R&B singer, who was born in Hartford, Connecticut, United States and is the son of a Apostolic minister .
Hexagon is a non-profit organization billing itself as ""Washington's only original political, satirical, musical, comedy revue .
Juvenilia Press is a pedagogic press based in the School of English, Media and Performing Arts at the University of New South Wales .
Nawnghkio, variously spelt Naunghkio, Naungcho or Nawngcho, is a town in Loilem Township, in northern Shan State, Burma .
HBOS plc is a banking and insurance company in the United Kingdom, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Lloyds Banking Group, having been taken over in January 2009 .
Patrick Spaziante, or ""Spaz"" as he is commonly known, is a comic book artist known for his work for Archie Comics, in particular his interior pencil and cover work for Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic X and Sonic Universe .
Anantha Venkatarami Reddy has been a member of the 11th, 12th, 14th and 15th Lok Sabha of India .
Rosa Passos is a Brazilian singer and guitarist born in Bahia State, Brazil .
Casas Bahia is a Brazilian retail chain which specializes in furniture and home appliances .
LTX-Credence Corporation is a company of Xcerra™ Corporation, which provides capital equipment, interface products, and services to the semiconductor, industrial, and electornics manufacturing industries .
The Allstate is a badge engineered version of the Henry J American automobile that was offered for sale through Sears, Roebuck during the 1952 and 1953 model years .
Matthew Ryan Mason-Cox, an Australian politician, is the Minister for Fair Trading since May 2014 in the Baird ministry and a Liberal Party of Australia member of the New South Wales Legislative Council since September 2006 .
COSCO Group Limited is one of the largest Chinese state-owned conglomerates in Hong Kong, which is wholly owned by COSCO Group .
Pablo Ganguli is a cultural entrepreneur artist, producer, director and impresario who has created and directed several international festivals, movements and summits of arts, literature, media, film, fashion and culture, through his organisation Liberatum .
The State Oil Fund is a special purpose state organization in which Azerbaijan's revenues from implementation of oil and gas agreements are accumulated, managed and preserved for future generations .
The SEEP Network is a non-profit organization that acts as a network for practitioners working in microenterprise development and microfinance fields .
Manufacturer of True On-Line double conversion UPS , Line Interactive UPS, rectifiers, battery chargers, Line power regulators, in Colombia, Latin America since 1988 .
Rudolf Koelman is a Dutch violinist born in Amsterdam in 1959 and is a professor at the Zürcher Hochschule der Künste in Switzerland .
Barry Glassman is a member of the Maryland State Senate, representing District 35 in Harford County, MD; he was appointed in 2008 to fill a vacancy .
The League of the Ten Jurisdictions was the last of the Three Leagues founded during the Middle Ages in what is now Canton Graubünden of Switzerland .
Blessed Theodore Romzha was bishop of the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve from 1944 to 1947 .
Lisa Anne Maxwell is an Australian rock songwriter from Benalla starred in the film clip as the character ""Anna"" where she walked around Benalla in a black and white cutout mask .
Impetuous Theater Group is a Manhattan based Indie Theater [1] company founded in 2004 by James David Jackson, Josh Sherman and Joe Powell .
Alan Peter Cayetano , is a Filipino politician and Senator in the Senate of the Philippines who has been elected since 2007 .
Diema is a Bulgarian television channel, part of Nova Broadcasting Group, owned by Modern Times Group .
Gianni Munari is an Italian footballer presently playing with Watford, on loan from Parma .
Out of the Box Publishing is a Wisconsin-based publishing company specializing in family, card, and party games .
Coach America, also doing business as American Coach Lines, was a holding company for American bus services owned by New York-based private equity firm Fenway Partners operating under the Coach America, American Coach Lines, and Gray Line names .
Wave Solutions is a Portuguese based company of information technology that develops software applications for mobile devices .
Wu Jinglüe is considered one of the most important guqin players of the 20th century and was also an active researcher and teacher .
Truliant Federal Credit Union was founded in 1952 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, to serve the employees of Western Electric .
Jim Scott is an American guitarist, singer-songwriter and composer in the genres of jazz, classical and folk music .
Benevento About this sound listen is a city and comune of Campania, Italy, capital of the province of Benevento, 50 kilometres .
Kwararafa was a multiethnic state and/or confederacy centered along the Benue River valley in what is today eastern Nigeria .
Ruhengeri Province was one of the twelve provinces of Rwanda until the end of 2005, when boundaries were redrawn to create five multiethnic provinces .
Mūza Rubackytė Piano Competition and shortly thereafter was awarded the Conservatory's first prize in solo piano, chamber music and accompaniment .
Sandro Bocola was born in Trieste, Italy in 1931 and grew up in Italy, Libya and Switzerland .
Energy in the OPEC countries is an overview of current status in energy in OPEC, Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .
John Hugh Niland is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League from 1966 through 1975 .
Baghdad in 1938, Baghdad gradually regained some of its former prominence as a significant center of Arab culture .
Nick Landau is a British media figure, co-owner of the Titan Entertainment Group, which publishes Titan Magazines and Titan Books and owns the London Forbidden Planet store .
Advanced Cable Communications is a division of Schurz Communications providing cable television, cable telephone, DVR, and broadband services to customers in the Florida communities of Coral Springs and Weston .
Reekus Records is an Irish record label and publishing company based in Dublin, founded by Elvera Butler in 1981 .
ABCSearch , is an internet based private company that provides online pay-per-click advertising campaigns for advertisers and ad agency clients to generate consumer leads and sales .
Seoul supertall skyscraper with 123 floors, is being built in Seoul to become the OECD's tallest in 2015 with the world's tallest observation deck and art gallery .
Hopson Development Holdings Limited or Hopson Development It focuses on property developments, including residential property, commercial property, hotel and tourist property, and property management business, in major Mainland cities such as Guangzhou, Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai .
The People's Socialist Republic of Albania was the official name of Albania from 1976 until 1991 .
The Taifa of Carmona was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for two distinct periods; first from 1013 to 1066 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Seville, and secondly from around 1143 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads .
Project Franchise is a Los Angeles, California, USA, based venture that is developing an online community with the plan to purchase a minor league sports team and allow its members to vote on all team-related decisions .
Ann Hraychuck is a former Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 28th Assembly District from her 2006 election until 2010 .
The United Tribes of New Zealand was a loose confederation of Māori tribes based in the north of the North Island .
The term tributary state refers to one of the two main ways in which a pre-modern state might be subordinate to a more powerful state .
BAL Bashkirian Airlines was an airline with its head office on the property of Ufa Airport in Ufa, Russia .
Mamoudzou is the capital of the French overseas region and department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean .
Despair is one of the Endless, fictional characters from Neil Gaiman's comic book series, The Sandman .
Sambava [samˈbav] is a city and commune at the east coast of northern Madagascar .
CDC MarketFirst is a marketing automation and lead management software product offered by CDC Software, an enterprise software and service company headquartered in Atlanta, GA .
The Grand Trunk Corporation is the subsidiary holding company for the Canadian National Railway's properties in the United States .
Selat Panjang is the capital of Kepulauan Meranti Regency, which is part of the province of Riau in Indonesia .
Ágatha Ruíz de la Prada y Sentmenat is a Spanish noble and fashion designer .
Vale Music was a Spanish record label founded by Ricardo Campoy and the executives José María Castells, Toni Peret and Andreu Ugas that came from the breakaway Max Music .
The Archbishopric of Riga was an archbishopric in Medieval Livonia, a subject to the Holy See .
Beazley plc is the parent company of specialist insurance businesses with operations in Europe, the US, Asia, Middle East and Australia .
Jens Holm , a Sweden-based organisation which describes its objective as to ""support efforts toward a peaceful and socially just solution to the conflict in Colombia"" .
Meiktila is a city in central Myanmar, located on the banks of Lake Meiktila in Mandalay Division, at the junctions of the Bagan-Taunggyi, Yangon-Mandalay and Meiktila-Myingyan highways .
Mangkunegara IV , which praises morality consistent with the mystical Islam of Java, in contrast to the more self-consciously Orthodox Islamic community .
Ambit Energy is a United States multi-level marketing company that provides electricity and natural gas services in energy markets in the U .
Regia Naţională a Pădurilor Romsilva of simply Romsilva is a Romanian state-owned enterprise responsible for dealing with the protection, preservation and development of publicly owned forests of the Romanian state, and the management of hunting and fishing grounds .
Lian Amaris is a writer, artist, and creative communicator working to connect real world experiences, performance events, and the new media landscape .
Tom Tsuchiya also known as Norikazu is an American artist who creates public sculpture .
Anna Tambour is an Australian author of satire, fable and other strange and hard-to-categorize fiction and poetry .
Angelo Christoper Moore is an American musician, best known for his work as lead singer and saxophonist for the Los Angeles alternative rock band Fishbone .
Steve Von Till is best known as singer and guitarist for the atmospheric metal band Neurosis, replacing Chad Salter in 1989 .
Esprida is a privately held company that creates and markets remote device management middleware built on a service-oriented architecture platform .
IDUN Pharmaceuticals is a private biotechnology firm focused on developing drugs that target apoptosis, mediated cell death in diseases related to cancer and inflammation .
Belleek Pottery Ltd is a porcelain company that began trading in 1884 as the Belleek Pottery Works Company Ltd in Belleek, County Fermanagh, in what was to become Northern Ireland .
Pakistan Software Export Board a government-owned, guarantee limited company, was founded in 1995, primarily to promote the information technology industry of Pakistan .
Yen Hsing-Shu , also known as Johnny Yen, is a former Taiwanese professional basketball player, singer, actor, and model .
The Regierungsbezirk Weser-Ems was the most westerly of the four administrative regions of Lower Saxony, Germany, bordering on the Dutch provinces of Groningen, Drenthe and Overijssel .
South County Newspapers is an independent publisher of two weekly newspapers, North East Independent and South County Independent, in Washington County, Rhode Island .
An aerospace manufacturer is a company or individual involved in the various aspects of designing, building, testing, selling, and maintaining aircraft, aircraft parts, missiles, rockets, and/or spacecraft .
The Kano Emirate was a religious state in Northern Nigeria, the Emirate was formed in 1805 during the Fulani jihad, when the old Hausa Sultanate of Kano became subject to the Sokoto Caliphate .
Brent Hinds is an American guitarist singer for the surfabilly band Fiend Without a Face, and is involved in other projects, including classic rock bands The Blood Vessels, West End Motel, Four Hour Fogger, The Last of the Blue Eyed Devils and Giraffe Tongue Orchestra .
Bruno Spengler is a French-born Canadian BMW factory racing driver, nicknamed 'The Secret Canadian' .
Parkson is an Asian-based department store operator with an extensive network of 121 stores as at 31 December 2014, spanning approximately 2 .
Princesse El Materi Holding was created by the Tunisian business man Sakher El Materi, member of former President Ben Ali's family which spoiled the Country .
Coast and Country is a Registered Housing Provider located in the north of England and established in 2001 .
Mahindra Renault Limited was a joint venture between India's largest utility vehicle manufacturer Mahindra & Mahindra Limited & Renault S .
Danny Olsen is a Danish professional footballer, who currently plays for Danish First Division side AGF .
Too Much Media is a Freehold, New Jersey-based computer software company that created and maintains the NATS, Carma and Sparta software packages .
Carlos Oroza is a Spanish poet who was born in Viveiro – Spain May 13, 1933 .
Miguel Mateos of rock music that swept Latin America and parts of North America and Europe .
Anders Trentemøller is a Danish electronic music producer and multi-instrumentalist based in Copenhagen, Denmark .
The Stickista Guillermo Cides is an Argentinian musician recognized internationally for his concerts and CDs played with the Stick .
Quicklaunch is a company attempting to use a type of space gun to launch payloads into low Earth orbit .
The Optogan group of companies is a vertically integrated producer of High Brightness LEDs based in St .
Christian Erik Maråker is a Swedish basketball player who currently plays for Borås Basket of the Basketligan .
The Benefit Company is the local switch in the Kingdom of Bahrain handling ATM and POS transactions among other services .
Qontext was a venture of Pramati Technologies, and operates out of its offices in Mountain View, California and Hyderabad, India .
The Ifranids, also called Banu Ifran, Ifran, or the children of the Ifran to the end of the 11th century .
Skagen Funds is a Scandinavian mutual fund company founded in 1993 and headquartered in Stavanger, Norway .
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Belozyorov is a Russian footballer currently playing for Ural in Russian Football Premier League as a centre-back .
DeCamp Bus Lines is a line-run operator serving Essex County, New Jersey with line-run and charter service to and from Manhattan .
Campeche , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Juan Bautista Soler Luján is a Spanish businessman and former president of Valencia Club de Fútbol .
Gary LeBeau is the State Senator in Connecticut from the third senatorial district serving the towns of East Hartford, South Windsor, East Windsor, and Ellington .
Parkinson Coach Lines was founded in 1946 in Snelgrove, Ontario by Harold Parkinson, and was acquired by the Murray family in 1953 .
Gloria Sophia Almonte is an American beauty queen who represented New York at Miss Teen USA 2001 and Miss USA 2007 and represented Carolina municipality at Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009 .
Ove-Naxx which is different from his other releases, as it fuses cartoon-like circus music with his vocals, and features collaborations with Passenger Of Shit and Doddodo .
Sprite Animation Studios is a Los Angeles, CA-based CGI animation studio founded in 2002 by former members of Square USA led by Moto Sakakibara, co-director of Square Pictures and Columbia Pictures’ feature film Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within .
West Virginia University Press, sometimes referred to as WVU Press, is a university press that is part of West Virginia University .
Justin Najmy was the first bishop for the United States in the Melkite Greek Catholic Church .
Benjamin Millepied is a French dancer and choreographer, perhaps most widely known for his work in the movie Black Swan in which he starred and choreographed .
Photo Finish Records is an independent record label located in New York City, New York, United States .
The Republic of Martyazo was a secessionist state proclaimed by Hutu rebels in Burundi on 1 May 1972 .
Pamir Electronics is a manufacturer’s representative and distributor of high-technology electronic components for defense, space, aeronautical, communications, medical, computer, controls and other commercial applications .
Macedonia, present in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest under the provisional reference of ""former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia"", participated at every Junior Eurovision Song Contest since the competition commenced in 2003 and until 2011 .
China Education Television to use broadband Internet, mobile communication networks and other emerging technologies as the medium to promote the delivery of cultural and educational messages, guide online public opinion and deliver to citizens, especially young masses, a rich cultural life .
GMA Artist Center is a major talent agency and producer in the Philippines that was founded by Felipe Gozon .
Bernard Vallet is a French former road bicycle racer who won the Polka dot jersey in the 1982 Tour de France .
Taiwan Province , which the PRC claims no longer legitimately exists, following establishment of the PRC in mainland China .
Manipur game in 1859, rules they spread as Polo, first to Calcutta and then in England .
Western Mutual Insurance Group is a group of Property and Casualty Insurance companies, made up of Western Mutual Insurance Company, its affiliate, Residence Mutual Insurance Company, and their jointly owned subsidiary, Arizona Home Insurance Company .
Utrecht is the capital and most populous city in the Dutch province of Utrecht .
Moneyfacts Group PLC is a financial information company founded in 1988 based in Norwich in the United Kingdom employing over 100 people .
Arianespace SA is a French-based multinational company founded in 1980 as the world's first commercial launch service provider .
Dixieland Records was a New Orleans, Louisiana based record label of the 1950s that released Dixieland jazz recordings .
First Jersey Credit Union is a federally insured, state chartered, 102 million dollar, 7,606 member, natural person, credit union operating from two branches in Passaic County, New Jersey .
Fox Sports Arizona is an American regional sports network that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks, and serves the state of Arizona .
European Waterways is an international company based in Berkshire, England that operates a fleet of 21 river cruising vessels along the rivers and canals of Europe .
Hawker Britton is an Australian government relations management consulting firm specialising in public affairs, government lobbying and corporate campaigns .
Anthony Ray Lynn is a former American football running back and current assistant coach for the New York Jets .
Maldives, officially the Republic of the Maldives, is an island nation in the Indian Ocean–Arabian Sea area, consisting of a double chain of twenty-six atolls, oriented north-south, that lie between Minicoy Island .
Excalibur Almaz is a private spaceflight company which plans to provide a variety of deep space crewed exploration missions, micro-gravity science, and payload delivery .
Ephraim Faience Pottery is an art pottery company founded in 1996 in Deerfield, Wisconsin, United States by Kevin Hicks and two partners who have since left the company .
Julie Bertagna is a Scottish author who has written real life and science fiction novels for both children and young adults .
Eric Morris is an American acting teacher and actor who founded his own theory of acting based on the works of Lee Strasberg and Martin Landau .
Brent Ashley Wilkes is the current National Executive Director of the League of United Latin American Citizens .
Rho Ventures is a venture capital firm that actively invests in technology, new media, cleantech and healthcare companies .
San Juan de Rontoy District is one of six districts of the province Antonio Raymondi in Peru .
Richard Pennington served as Chief of the Atlanta Police Department in Atlanta, Georgia from 2002 to 2009 .
David Stubbs , and as editor of The Wire, Uncut, The Guardian, The Times and the football magazines Goal and When Saturday Comes .
Andrew Foley is a writer and occasional editor and artist of comic books and graphic novels .
TMEIC is a joint venture between Toshiba and Mitsubishi Electric headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, specializing in industrial electric and automation systems for industrial plants .
Flockton's were a series of architectural firms in the 19th and early 20th centuries, based in Sheffield, England .
Brijesh Pathak, born on 25 June 1964 is an Indian politician from Bahujan Samaj Party and a Member of Parliament representing the state of Uttar Pradesh in the upper house of Indian Parliament, known as Rajya Sabha .
Asbestos Records is an independent record label in Stratford, CT founded in 1996 by Matt Flood .
The Centre for Applied Genomics is a genome centre in the Research Institute of The Hospital for Sick Children, and is affiliated with the University of Toronto .
Tom Hanway was born on August 20, 1961 in Cleveland, Ohio, grew up in Larchmont, Westchester County, New York, and attended Hampshire College .
Rich Melman is the founder of Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises, a privately held restaurant company with more than 70 venues .
Home price protection generally comes in the form of an agreement that pays the homeowner if a particular home price index declines in value over a period of time after the protection is purchased .
John Laurence Menadue AO is an Australian businessman and public commentator, and formerly a senior public servant and diplomat .
Rory McAllister is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing for Peterhead in Scottish League One .
Nikkie Groat is a beauty queen from Matthews, North Carolina who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
Softape is a defunct software company that published computer games, utilities and productivity programs for the Apple II family of computers in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Wes Harrison, gave him a real start and sent him on his way into show business .
Dixieland Jubilee Records was a United States record label of the 1950s that featured Dixieland and jug band music .
Katee Doland-Mink is a former beauty pageant titleholder who represented Colorado in Miss Teen USA 1998, Miss USA 2001, and Miss America 2004 .
Antoine Roney is an American jazz tenor and soprano saxophonist, brother to trumpeter Wallace Roney .
HT Motorsports was an American truck racing team from Martinsville, Virginia owned by trucking company owner Jim Harris .
Dacia Ripensis first established by Aurelian circa AD 283, south of the Danube, after he withdrew from Dacia Traiana .
SpectorSoft is a software manufacturer that develops and sells computer monitoring and cell phone monitoring tools .
Press OnLine is a news internet site providing news and information in Macedonian, Albanian and English .
Sari Johanna Sumuvuori is a Finnish politician and former member of Finnish Parliament, representing the Green League .
The United States Antarctic Service Expedition , often referred to as Byrd’s third Antarctic Expedition, was an expedition jointly sponsored by the United States Navy, State Department, Department of the Interior and The Treasury .
Yu Aida is a Japanese manga author and illustrator best known for his work Gunslinger Girl .
NoteUtopia is a website that allows students to buy and sell class notes and study guide .
Jami Anne Stallings Miller is a beauty queen from Evansville, Indiana who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and competed for in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Afghan Telecom is a telecom company offering fixed line, wireless voice and data services under a 25 year license in Afghanistan .
Gemen was an immediate, sovereign lordship of the Holy Roman Empire, in the Lower Rhine region .
Ahuva Sherman is an Israeli artist who works in oil, pastel, and wall tapestries .
Chegg is a company based in Santa Clara, California, that specializes in online textbook rentals , homework help, scholarships, course reviews and internship matching .
Ford SAF was the French subsidiary of the American automaker Ford Motor Company, which existed under various names between 1916 and 1954, when Ford sold the manufacturing business to Simca .
Malerkotla is a city and a municipal council in Sangrur district in the Indian state of Punjab .
Aqua Films is an Argentine film production company that provides administrative services to local and foreign productions .
Nevis is a small island in the Caribbean Sea that forms part of the inner arc of the Leeward Islands chain of the West Indies .
Mildred Eleanor Deegan was an American pitcher, outfielder and second basewoman who played ten seasons in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, from 1943 to 1952 .
ABN Andhra Jyothi is a Telugu news channel which was launched on 15 October 2009 from the stable of the Telugu daily – Andhra Jyothi .
EOS CCA, headquartered in Norwell, Massachusetts , is a provider of customer care and receivables management services and one of the largest debt collection agencies in the United States .
Rodent Popsicle is an American record label, founded by Bill Damon, best known as the singer of the band Toxic Narcotic, with the help of his bandmates .
Hutchison Port Holdings is a private holding company incorporated in British Virgin Islands, it is the subsidiary of Hutchison Whampoa .
The State of Shu was an ancient state in what is now Sichuan, China .
The UK India Business Council is a membership-based, non-profit organisation founded in 2007 to foster trade and business relations between the United Kingdom and India .
Santander Private Banking is the offshore banking division of Santander UK, headquartered in the Channel Island of Jersey .
Hilton Hotels & Resorts is an international chain of full service hotels and resorts and the flagship brand of Hilton Worldwide .
SES Broadband at a flat rate cost to end users, along with VoIP, IPTV, and content-on-demand facilities, without any requirement for a landline, cable or terrestrial wireless connection .
Knee High Media Japan[1] is a creative publisher and media agency founded and based in Tokyo, Japan since 1996 .
Shakespeare & Company is an American theatre company located in Lenox, Massachusetts in the Berkshire region of western Massachusetts .
Jonathan Soriano Casas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays with Austrian club FC Red Bull Salzburg as a striker .
Plymouth was the capital of the island of Montserrat, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom located in the Leeward Island chain of the Lesser Antilles, West Indies .
The Punch Bowl, at 41 Farm Street, Mayfair, is a London public house, dating from circa 1750 .
Michael Helliet Management is a London based agency that provides professional boxing management and currently represents over 40 professional boxers including Heavyweight Danny Williams and Undefeated English Champion Ashley Sexton .
Scentura also known as Scentura Creations is a perfume company based in the city of Chamblee, Georgia, within the Atlanta metropolitan area .
Elizabeth Claire Carty is a beauty queen from High Point, North Carolina who has competed in the Miss Teen USA 2004 and Miss United States Teen 2005 beauty pageants .
The Brazos River Authority or BRA was created in 1929 by the Texas Legislature as a quasi-governmental entity to manage the Brazos River as a water resource in Texas .
Dar al-Maal al-Islami Trust , founded in Switzerland in 1981, is a leading Islamic financial institution with affiliates on four continents and assets under management of over $3 .
Spacelabs Healthcare is a US-based manufacturer of medical equipment and is a wholly owned subsidiary of OSI Systems of Hawthorne, California and offers products and services from three divisions: patient monitoring and connectivity, anesthesia delivery and diagnostic cardiology .
Bakhdida southeast of the city of Mosul and 60 km west of Erbil amid agricultural lands, close to the ruins of the ancient Assyrian cities Nimrud and Nineveh .
Ovidiu Victor Ganț , part of the European People's Party–European Democrats, and became an MEP on January 1, 2007, with the accession of Romania to the European Union .
Raymond Arthur ""Ray"" Quinn is an English actor, singer, and dancer, best known for finishing second in The X Factor in 2006 .
Norris Craft Boats, which is headquartered in LaFollette, Tennessee, is a United States manufacturer of recreational boats, founded in 1954 .
The Ontario Northland Transportation Commission , or simply Ontario Northland, is a Crown agency of the Government of Ontario .
The Principality of Abkhazia emerged as a separate feudal entity in the 15th-16th centuries, amid the civil wars in the Kingdom of Georgia that concluded with the dissolution of the unified Georgian monarchy .
The Taifa of Almería was a Muslim medieval kingdom in what is now the province of Almería in Spain .
Brevard Family of Housing is a not-for-profit housing authority founded in 2008, as an umbrella organization for the Cocoa Housing Authority, Melbourne Housing Authority, and the Brevard County Housing Authority .
Filipe Andrade Teixeira is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Romanian club FC Petrolul Ploiești as an attacking midfielder .
David James Gilbert is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1981 until 2009 .
The Companhia Energética de São Paulo is the largest producer of electricity in the state of São Paulo, with total installed power of 7,455 MW, and the third largest in Brazil .
Giulio Lopes, , July 24, 1959, is a scenographer and Brazilian actor of plays, telenovelas and movies .
TrialPay is an alternative e-commerce payment system in which a consumer gets an item for free from a participating merchant in exchange for buying or trying out another product or service from a TrialPay advertiser .
North Nicosia or Northern Nicosia is the capital and largest city of the de facto state of Northern Cyprus .
Neil Stuke is an English actor best known for his role of Matthew in the TV sitcom Game On and more recently for playing Billy Lamb in the BBC legal drama Silk .
Björn Einarsson is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Vetlanda BK as forward .
Insight Global is a privately held, technology staffing services firm, ranked from 2006 through 2014 among the five fastest growing IT staffing firms and named the fourth largest IT staffing firm in America in 2014 .
ProJET was a chain of petrol stations in Malaysia that was touted as the country's first ""Superstation"", offering refueling services that accepted both credit card and cash payments, along with additional facilities .
Between 1919 and 1939, a total of 63 countries became member states of the League of Nations .
Wooden Wand is the stage name of singer-songwriter James Jackson Toth, who has recorded under his given name as well as the name WAND .
Palatinate-Sulzbach-Hilpoltstein was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Hilpoltstein in modern central Bavaria, Germany .
This article is about the territorial controversy over the region of Hertsa if it wants to annex Transnistria .
Mark London Williams is an American author, playwright, journalist, and creator of the young adult time travel series Danger Boy .
The Brisbane Institute is an independent think tank based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1999 .
Cathie Ryan is an Irish American singer songwriter, who has released five CDs and tours steadily with her band performing at festivals, folk clubs, performing arts centers and with symphony orchestras .
Era Baru Sdn Bhd is a Malaysian property development and investment holding company based in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia .
Angus MacDonald JP DL is a Scottish SNP politician, MSP for Falkirk East since 2011 .
Shri Mahila Griha Udyog Lijjat Papad, popularly known as Lijjat, is an Indian women's cooperative involved in manufacturing of various fast moving consumer goods .
Hieroglyphics Imperium Recordings is an Oakland, California-based, independent, primarily alternative hip hop record label founded and owned by underground hip hop collective, the Hieroglyphics .
The Midland Pacific Railway was a railroad operating in the Nebraska counties of Lancaster, Nemaha, Otoe, Seward, and York .
The McGavock Confederate Cemetery the largest privately held Confederate cemetery in the United States is located in Franklin, Tennessee .
Wayne Lo is a Taiwanese-born American murderer who perpetrated the shooting at Simon's Rock College of Bard on December 14, 1992, in Great Barrington, Massachusetts .
George Terence Evelyn Kealey was the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Buckingham, a private university in Britain .
Valley Shepherd Creamery is an artisan cheese making farm in Long Valley, New Jersey, and the winner of Edible Communities' New Jersey Food Artisan award in 2009 .
Shoplet is an online retailer of over 1,000,000 business products, servicing the continental United States, Canada and United Kingdom .
Carina Axelsson is the American-born author of teen fashion detective series, Model Under Cover .
The Ashvale is a chain of fish and chip restaurants and takeaways in the north-east of Scotland .
MIC Tanzania Limited was formerly known as Mobitel when it started to offer mobile telecommunication services in Tanzania, it was then known as Buzz when the company started to use GSM network in 2001 .
VoloMedia is a Sunnyvale, California based advertising network that has developed technology to enable advertisements to be inserted into downloadable audio and video, such as podcasts .
NBN Co is an Australian government-owned corporation tasked to design, build and operate Australia's National Broadband Network .
GE Energy Financial Services , provides financial and technological investment in energy infrastructure projects around the world .
Dao until King Ping of Chu ascended the throne and restored Dao to its former territory .
Coastal Television Network is a Monterey, California-based television network, broadcast on several Cocola Broadcasting low power television stations .
The former Swedish company AB Vattenbyggnadsbyrån, which was also abbreviated VBB, is now called SwecoThe Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg and the 18 counties and cities of Brandenburg with 1 .
SimCraft is a privately held company headquartered just outside of Atlanta, Georgia and is in the business of motion simulation .
Henderson New Star was established in April 2009 when Henderson Group acquired New Star Asset Management and rebranded its UK retail business .
PERN Przyjazn SA , joint stock Oil Pipeline Operation Company ""Przyjaźń"" is one of leading companies for oil transportation and storage in Poland .
Dos Pilas is a Pre-Columbian site of the Maya civilization located in what is now the department of Petén, Guatemala .
Allen Hoey was an American poet, novelist, and literary critic who received numerous honors during his lifetime, including a Pulitzer Prize nomination for his 2008 collection of poems Country Music .
Microsoft India Private Limited is a subsidiary of American software company Microsoft Corporation, headquartered in Hyderabad, India .
Al-Qa'im is an Iraqi town located nearly 400 km northwest of Baghdad near the Syrian border and situated along the Euphrates River, and located in the Al Anbar Governorate .
Blitz Games Studios Limited was a video game developer located in Leamington Spa, United Kingdom best known for producing games based on franchises such as iCarly, Spongebob Squarepants and Bratz .
William Bradshaw ""Billy"" Bell, OBE, JP for North Belfast, and to the Northern Ireland Assembly for the Lagan Valley constituency in 1998 and again in 2003 .
Elizabeth ""Effy"" Stonem is a fictional character in the television series Skins, played by Kaya Scodelario .
The Kingdom of Ndongo, formerly known as Dongo or Angola, is the name of an early-modern African state located in what is modern-day Angola .
The Ketu North District or Ketu Dzigbe District is one of the 25 districts in the Volta Region of Ghana .
The Kingdom of Middag was a kingdom or supra-tribal alliance located in the central western plains of Taiwan in the 17th century .
Barry Diamond is an American comedian who released one album, Fighter Pilot, on IRS Records in 1983 .
Sirohi State was a princely state in the Rajputana Agency in India with its capital at Sirohi .
 The Marlborough Province operated as a province of New Zealand from 1 November 1859, when it split away from Nelson Province, until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Kevin John Roberts CNZM was the Chief Executive Officer Worldwide of the advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi from 1997 to 2014 .
Cuba, officially the Republic of Cuba , the Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south and Haiti and the Dominican Republic are to the southeast .
Trần Văn Thời is a township and capital town of Trần Văn Thời District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam .
Vidant EastCare is the critical care mobile air and ground transport of Vidant Health around Greenville without refueling .
The Batsheva Dance Company is an internationally acclaimed dance company based in Tel Aviv, Israel .
Amanda Sage is an American painter who has studied and worked Vienna, Austria and Los Angeles, California .
Brad Schreiber is an American playwright, screenwriter, author, journalist, essayist, literary consultant and instructor, as well as actor and producer .
The Greater Region and industrial fabric which is the source of rich and ongoing economic and cultural relations .
Yanqi , China National Highway 314 and the Southern Xinjiang Railway, and is an important material distribution center and regional business hub .
Rocket Lawyer is an online legal services company founded by Charley Moore and based in San Francisco, California .
Suez Canal Container Terminal is a container terminal emerged at Port Said East as a transshipment centre for the Eastern Mediterranean at the northern entrance to the Suez Canal .
Bahia is one of the 26 states of Brazil, and is located in the eastern part of the country on the Atlantic coast .
The Yakut Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Russian SFSR within the Soviet Union .
BT Group plc, trading as BT, is a British multinational telecommunications services company with head offices in London, England, United Kingdom .
Saurimo is the capital of the Lunda Sul province of Angola, Saurimo has a population of approximately 200,000 .
Gpremper is a web design and development company founded in 1998 with headquarters in San Salvador, El Salvador, and offices in other Central American countries and Germany .
Not to be confused with the Princedom of Albania or the Albanian Principalities, which existed in the Medieval Ages .
Bruce Dale Sommers , known by his nickname ""The Truckin' Bozo"", was an American radio personality, best known for his long-running country music show geared toward truck drivers .
Alfredo Peter ""Alfie"" Zappacosta , also known by just his surname, is a Canadian singer/songwriter .
The Netherlands has sent an entry to every Junior Eurovision Song Contest since its creation in 2003 .
Hook Norton Brewery is a regional brewery in Hook Norton, Oxfordshire, England, several miles outside of the Cotswold Hills .
New World China Land Limited is the Mainland China property flagship of Hong Kong's New World Development, owned by Dr .
Bud Cockrell was a bassist and vocalist for the California rock and roll band Pablo Cruise .
Telmo Zarraonandia Montoya than any other player in Spanish football history, and his 81 goals in the Copa del Rey remain a record .
Qutqashen Sultanate was feudal state which existed from the middle to the end of 18th century in the north of Azerbaijan, in the territories covering the present day Qabala Rayon .
Lausanne is located in Lausanne – the IOC officially recognizes the city as the Olympic Capital – as is the headquarters of the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
The Vienna State Opera Ballet, like the opera company, is based at the Vienna State Opera House in Vienna, Austria .
Marie Miller is a Modern Folk singer-songwriter who often blends a mesh of modern folk, pop and country .
Taylor Cameron Carpenter is an American organist known for his virtuosity, showmanship, technique and arrangements for the organ .
Mopti is a town and an urban commune in the Inner Niger Delta region of Mali .
Guthrie is a city and county seat of Logan County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City Metroplex .
The Daura Emirate is a traditional state in Katsina State, Nigeria based on the town of Daura .
ESOFT Metro Campus is a private sector educational institute or college located in Colombo, Sri Lanka .
The Sultanate of Mataram was the last major independent Javanese kingdom on Java before the island was colonized by the Dutch .
Evil Angel is an American production company and distributor of pornographic films, founded and owned by John Stagliano .
Ceyenar Chemicals is a Kerala-based Rubber Chemicals and Natural Rubber Supply company with offices at Kottayam, Thrissur, Manjeri and Kozhikode in Kerala, Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh and Kolkata in West Bengal .
Erivansky Uyezd of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Erivan from 1846 until its formal abolition in 1917 .
Zigurat was a Spanish software house for 8-bit home computers very popular in the eighties during the Golden Era of Spanish Software .
Robyn Carr is the #1 New York Times bestselling author of almost fifty novels, including the critically acclaimed Virgin River novels .
Fresh Sound, or Fresh Sound New Talent, is a Spanish jazz label based in Barcelona, specializing in American jazz music .
Sears Seating, also known as Sears Manufacturing, is a designer and manufacturer of suspension and non-suspension seating systems for the agricultural, construction, and material handling equipment, and over the road truck markets .
Sumbawa Besar is a town with 56,337 inhabitants at the 2010 Census on the Indonesian island of Sumbawa .
Clay Telecom is a trusted name in offering international mobility solutions to individuals, small & mid-sized businesses, corporate houses, and travel companies .
Explore Learning is a British company founded in 2000 to provide private learning centres located across the UK .
Swegon AB is a company which develops, manufactures and markets products and solutions for ventilation and indoor climate systems .
The United Kingdom entered the Junior Eurovision Song Contest three times, and the broadcaster was ITV, which is known by the European Broadcasting Union described her feelings .
Jessica Lea Fjerstad is a beauty queen from Madison, South Dakota who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants .
Renault Winery is a winery located in Egg Harbor City and Galloway Township in Atlantic County, New Jersey .
Wim Hof is a Dutch world record holder, adventurer and daredevil, commonly nicknamed the Iceman for his ability to withstand extreme cold .
Gaelic Ireland was the Gaelic political and social order that existed in Ireland from the prehistoric era until the early 17th century .
Carolina Southern Railroad is located off of Main Street in Conway, South Carolina and is one of the few remaining train depots/lines in South Carolina .
New York Circus Arts refers to a company forged by the merger of FireFly Aerial Acrobatics and the New York Circus Arts Academy .
The Espírito Santo Financial Group of the group was in “serious financial condition” and accounting “irregularities"" were found after an external audit was ordered by the Bank of Portugal .
Anna Ushenina is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster who was Women's World Chess Champion from November 2012 to September 2013 .
Teufel Audio owned company based in Berlin, Germany, which specialises in loudspeakers and accessories .
Bill Thomas is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 26 since 2007 .
Star Energy was a British onshore oil exploration company until acquired by IGas Energy in December 2011 .
The special assessment on convicted persons is part of the sentence of all offenders convicted of federal crimes in the United States .
The Barnsley Coal Railway was a short railway which, when fully opened, ran between Stairfoot Junction, on the Mexborough to Barnsley line of the South Yorkshire Railway .
Aisha Berry is a beauty queen from Cincinnati, Ohio who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Darren Stevens , commonly known as The Real Darren Stevens, is a Canadian radio personality, best known for his shows as heard on 54 Rock, 106 .
Sorensen Gross Construction Company is an American construction company, operating out of Flint, Michigan .
Noelani Pantastico is a ballet dancer with Les Ballets de Monte Carlo in Monaco .
The Theme of Thrace of the Byzantine Empire located in the south-eastern Balkans, comprising varying parts of the eponymous geographic region during its history .
Marzocchi is an Italian manufacturer founded in 1949 by the two brothers Stefano and Guglielmo Marzocchi .
Kaya is a Japanese visual kei musician, who is a vocalist of the electro/darkwave duo Schwarz Stein, and also Meties and Isola under the alias of Hime .
Zimbabwe Mining Index redirects here; please see belowThe Zimbabwe Industrial Index is a stock index derived from the values of industrial stocks on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange .
Mike Hugg who achieved fame as a founding member of the 1960s group Manfred Mann .
Fluency Voice Technology was a company that developed and sold packaged speech recognition solutions for use in call centers .
vipw is a small computer program which enables a Unix system administrator to comfortably edit the ""passwd"" and ""Shadow password"" files .
Songa Offshore SE is a Norwegian-Cypriot offshore drilling contractor founded in 2005 with offices in Cyprus, Stavanger, Oslo, Houston, Kuala Lumpur, Aberdeen, and Singapore .
Kyoto is a city located in the central part of the island of Honshu, Japan .
Mongolia , Mongolia is the 19th largest and one of the most sparsely populated independent countries in the world, with a population of around 3 million people .
Located at the plaza of South Third and Dock Street in downtown Wilmington, North Carolina, the bronze and granite Confederate Memorial stands honoring Confederate soldiers who fought for the Confederacy .
The Saxon Eastern March or Ostmark was a march of the Holy Roman Empire from the 10th until the 12th century .
Kent County, area 2,458 km2 is a historic county in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Kim Edwards , is a New York Times Bestseller, and was honored with the Sainsbury's Popular Fiction Award at the 2008 British Book Awards .
Nagra France is a company which develops and markets the Mediaguard conditional access system for digital television .
Aligned Assets are a UK-based full service company from Surrey that develops address management and gazetteer software for local authorities, the emergency services and the commercial sector .
Olivia Blanc , known as Olivia Ruiz, is a female French pop singer of partial Spanish descent belonging to the nouvelle chanson genre .
Wired Records is a record label based in Berlin and is run by Heidi Mortenson and Camille Saunders .
Uva Province rivers and the huge Senanayake Samudraya and Maduru Oya Reservoirs are the major waterways .
OAO Stroytransgaz is a Russian engineering construction company in the field of oil and gas industry .
Jeyaraj Fernandopulle was a Sri Lankan politician who served as a cabinet Minister and a Member of Parliament in Sri Lanka .
Ana Milenković is a Serbian singer, and a member of the girlband Beauty Queens .
Injangyang is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar .
KwaNdebele was a bantustan in South Africa, intended by the apartheid government as a semi-independent homeland for the Ndebele people .
Saint Ulrich of Augsburg , sometimes spelled Uodalric or Odalrici, was Bishop of Augsburg and a leader of the Roman Catholic Church in Germany .
Citébeur is a French gay pornographic film studio that has pioneered and specialised in the availability of gay pornographic film content featuring men from outside the mainstream or conventional of French society: men of colour and of various ethnicities -- Arabs, Latins, Blacks, rather than ""white"" males .
The Taungoo Dynasty , created a legal and political system whose basic features would continue under the Konbaung dynasty well into the 19th century .
Paramount Capital is a global privately held pharmaceutical development and healthcare investment firm categorized under Financial Advisory Services .
John Konesky is an American guitarist who is known primarily for his association with Tenacious D .
Americans for Prosperity is an American conservative political advocacy group headquartered in Arlington, Virginia .
Togoland was a German protectorate in West Africa from 1884 to 1914, encompassing what is now the nation of Togo and most of what is now the Volta Region of Ghana .
Ayumi Kurihara was not only a place where wrestlers often ate, but is also a sponsor of pro wrestling events .
Jeffrey Hoogervorst is a Dutch footballer who plays for Real Avilés in Segunda División B, as a central defender .
ProductCenter is a commercial software product, that is an integrated suite of Product Lifecycle Management software for managing product data .
Alex Agnew is mostly a mix of blue comedy and the production of sound effects, similar to Dutch-Moroccan comedian Najib Amhali .
Bowlplex Ltd is a bowling and leisure corporation that own and operate 17 ""total entertainment centres"" across England, Wales and Scotland .
Subhiksha was an Indian retail chain with 1600 outlets selling groceries, fruits, vegetables, medicines and mobile phones .
The Hoysala empire was a prominent Southern Indian Kannadiga empire that ruled most of the modern-day state of Karnataka between the 10th and the 14th centuries .
Anastasios Kissas is a goalkeeper who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
Magdi Cristiano Allam , is an Egyptian-born Italian journalist and politician, noted for his criticism of Islamic extremism and his articles on the relations between Western culture and the Islamic world .
French Togoland was a French colonial mandate in West Africa, which later became the Togolese Republic .
Akyem Abuakwa describes a traditional geo-political entity in Eastern GhanaAkyen Abuakwa is one of the three independent states along with Akyem Bosome and Akyem Kotoku that forms the Akyem Mansa .
Órlagh Fallon , professionally known as Órla Fallon, is an Irish soloist, songwriter and former member of the group Celtic Woman and the chamber choir Anúna .
This article refers to the artist, for other people named David Cross, see David Cross Cornford & Cross are a collaborative pair of UK artists .
The King Arthur Flour Company, formerly the ""Sands, Taylor & Wood Company"", is an American supplier of flour, ingredients, baking mixes, cookbooks, and baked goods .
Volker Oppitz is a former German footballer who played as a defender for Dynamo Dresden, where he also worked as managing director .
Stewart Tele Enterprises was an American major game show production company formed by Bob Stewart in 1964 originally based in New York City .
Zenobius was a Greek sophist, who taught rhetoric at Rome during the reign of Emperor Hadrian .
Phil Towle is a self-titled ""Performance Enhancement Coach"" most notable for his work with the heavy metal band Metallica, lead singer Audioslave guitarist Tom Morello, Stone Temple Pilots, Tennessee Titans defensive lineman Kevin Carter, NFL coach Dick Vermeil and others .
Charles Eugene ""Charlie"" Hall III is a Christian worship leader and songwriter from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma .
Outright is a US accounting and bookkeeping application that assists small businesses and sole proprietors with managing their business income and expenses .
Yasuj is a city in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran .
Avoca Resources Limited was an Australian gold mining company, based in Perth, Western Australia .
Genesis Theatre were an amateur theatre group that existed from 1975 to 1982 in the Greater Manchester area .
Luanda, formerly named São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda, is the capital city of Angola, and the country's most populous and important city, primary port and major industrial, cultural and urban centre .
Software MacKiev is a company specialized in consumer and educational software development and publishing for Macintosh, Windows, and mobile platforms .
Public Resources Advisory Group is a financial and investment advisory firm headquartered in New York City, with offices in Los Angeles, Philadelphia, St .
Spoken Web, is a web portal, managing a wide range of online data-intensive content like Wikipedia articles, news updates, weather, travel and business articles for computer users who are blind or visually impaired based in Tel Aviv, Israel .
The Institute of Food Technologists is an international, non-profit professional organization for the advancement of food science and technology .
Noreen Evans is an American lawyer and politician who was a member of the California State Senate .
The Ahis or Akhts was a fraternity and guild which for more than half a century was also a beylik in 14th century Turkey .
Mulatta Records is a record label established in 2000 by the Nigerian record producer and DJ Ayo Osinibi and the American composer/performer Dave Soldier It specializes in music created by unusual means, including the Thai Elephant Orchestra, and various projects by children, including 6 to 9 year olds who improvise avant-garde jazz in The Tangerine Awkestra, a traditional flute orchestra of school children in Conakry, Guinea in west Africa, compositions by Mayan Indian children in the highlands of San Mateo Ixtatan, Guatemala, and 5 to 10 year-olds in East Harlem who compose and play rap music in Da Hiphop Raskalz .
Air Service Training is an organisation in Perth, Scotland, that has been training engineers and pilots for airlines, maintenance organisations and the military since 1931 .
Northern Broadsides is a theatre company formed in 1992 and based at Dean Clough Mill in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England .
Susan Jane ""Sue"" Smith is an English international footballer who plays for Doncaster Rovers Belles and England .
The Treaty of Fond du Lac may refer to either of two treaties made and signed in Duluth, Minnesota between the United States and the Ojibwe Native American peoples .
The Pashalik of Timbuktu was a West African political entity that existed between 16th and 19th century .
Firefly Studios is a British computer game developer that has offices in London, England and Canton, Connecticut, with a QA department in Aberdeen, Scotland .
Elizabeth McGrath is an artist based in California who works primarily in the fields of sculpture and animation .
The United States' entry into World War I came in April 1917, after two and a half years of efforts by President Woodrow Wilson to keep the United States neutral during World War I .
LAKEVILLE MOTOR EXPRESS or LME is a less than truckloadcarrier operating in the Midwest United States .
Mac Papers, headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, USA is the largest supplier of printing paper and envelopes in the Southeast United States, delivering 100,000 tons of paper each year .
Princeland was a proposed colony of Australia that would have been formed by the western part of Victoria and the south-eastern part of South Australia .
Kalido Company is a software company headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts with offices in the US, London and India .
Roderick is the bassist of the Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig, as well as their primary songwriter with his younger brother, Calum Macdonald .
Dušan Švento is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Germany club 1 .
Deceuninck NV is a Belgian designer and producer of PVC systems for windows and doors, interior, roofline & cladding and terraces .
Calbia is a fictional country found in the Doc Savage novel The King Maker .
Pepe Jeans London is a denim and casual wear jeans brand established in the Portobello Road area of London in 1973, and based in Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Spain .
Nick Garrie-Hamilton, better known as Nick Garrie, is a British singer-songwriter best known for his extremely rare 1969 debut album, The Nightmare of JB Stanislas .
Couch Guitar Straps is a vertically integrated design, manufacture, and web store located in Signal Hill, California .
South Malabar Gramin Bank (Now Kerala Gramin Bank was a Regional Rural Bank in India, and had its headquarters at Malappuram in Kerala .
Solar Euromed is a high technology group based in France specialized in concentrated solar power technology .
SafeAmerica Credit Union is a 310 million dollar, privately insured, state chartered 24,000 member, natural person credit union operating from six public and two company branches in the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
DR Congo national football team have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 1974 when they were known as Zaire .
Buffalo Grill is a chain of steakhouses based in France, with over 328 outlets in Europe .
Unified Silla or Later Silla is the name often applied to the Korean kingdom of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, when it conquered Baekje in 660 and Goguryeo in 668, unifying the southern portion of the Korean peninsula .
Emergency Language Systems is a Maryland S-Corporation in the business of publishing Emergency Medical Services language translation field guides .
Mandatory Palestine was a geopolitical entity under British administration, carved out of Ottoman Southern Syria after World War I .
Pegah Anvarian is an Iranian-American fashion designer from Dallas, Texas that made her fashion debut in 2005 .
Bronwen Maher is a former member of Dublin City Council who represented the Clontarf electoral area .
The Screen Machine is a mobile cinema that operates across the Scottish Highlands and Islands, Western Isles, Argyll & Bute and North Ayrshire .
Uqbar is a fictional place in Jorge Luis Borges's 1940 short story ""Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius"" .
AHI Roofing is a manufacturer of stone chip coated metal roof tiles based in Auckland, New Zealand and with plants in New Zealand, United States , Hungary and Malaysia .
Caroline Miller is an American life coach and author of nonfiction books, including My Name is Caroline, which chronicled her struggle with bulimia .
The Valspar Corporation is an international manufacturer of paint and coatings based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA .
The Battle of Pryor Creek was an 1861 battle just north of Pryor, Montana between the Sioux and Crow Native American tribes .
Soho Properties is an American real estate company that arranges and participates in real estate investments .
In Greek mythology, Arcesius notes: ""Arcesius, on the Corinthian order proportions, and on the Ionic order temple of Aesculapius at Tralles, which it is said that he built with his own hands .
Pakistan Post is a state enterprise dedicated to providing wide range of postal products and public services in Pakistan .
Asia Pacific Resources International Holdings Limited, or APRIL, is a developer of fibre plantations and the owner of one of the world's largest pulp and paper mills with operations mainly in Indonesia and China .
Hair Club is an American hair restoration and hair replacement company with locations in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico .
Warren Vaché is a jazz trumpeter, cornetist and flugelhornist born in Rahway, New Jersey .
Justin Lee nonprofit organization that provides resources and support to gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender Christians .
Pepkor is a South African based investment and holding company with business interests in Africa, Australia, United Kingdom and Poland .
The Avignon Papacy was the period from 1309 to 1377, during which seven successive popes resided in Avignon, in France, rather than in Rome .
Thomas Guide is the title of a series of paperback, spiral-bound atlases featuring detailed street maps of various large metropolitan areas in the United States, in the metro areas of Boise, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Oakland, Phoenix, Portland, Reno-Tahoe, Sacramento, San Francisco, Seattle, Tucson, and Washington, D .
Virgin Australia Holdings Limited is the holding company that owns and operates Virgin Australia and Tigerair Australia .
Johnny Sutton is an attorney who served as United States Attorney for the Western District of Texas from 2001 until 2009, and chaired the Attorney General's Advisory Committee of United States Attorneys .
Entel was founded on 22 December 1965 as Company Mixed anonymous official state representation Bolivia, in order to ""develop the telecommunications in all its forms and shapes in the national territory "" .
InsWeb Corporation formerly operated an online insurance marketplace designed to allow consumers to compare insurance products and rate quotes from a variety of providers .
Applied Media Technologies Corporation is a Tampa, Florida-based provider of commercial sound equipment, ""on hold"" messaging to US and Canadian businesses under the brand name TelAdvantage, and background music for businesses as a partner of SIRIUS Satellite Radio .
The Southeastern Ceremonial Complex is the name given to the regional stylistic similarity of artifacts, iconography, ceremonies, and mythology of the Mississippian culture that coincided with their adoption of maize agriculture and chiefdom-level complex social organization from 1200 CE to 1650 CE .
Kachin State , forming the southern tip of the Himalayas, and a large inland lake, Indawgyi Lake .
Windflow Technology is a company based in Christchurch, New Zealand known for its unique wind turbine gearbox design .
Fürstenberg-Baar was a County of medieval Germany, located in southern Baden-Württemberg in the territory of Baar .
Red Bird Records was a record label founded by American pop music songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller in 1964 .
Phil Thompson is a UK producer and DJ on the Bedrock Records roster and has released many singles with them under the alias ""Moonface"" .
Charlie's Kitchen is a restaurant serving American fare with New England specialties in the Harvard Square neighborhood of Cambridge, Massachusetts .
SureHarvest is an American agricultural firm providing professional consulting, information technology support and certification to farming enterprises .
Indore City Bus is a road transport system run by Atal Indore City Transport Services Limited or ICTSL .
Uyo is a city in south-eastern Nigeria and is the capital of Akwa Ibom State, a major oil producing state of Nigeria .
Tommy Barbarella along with other former members of The New Power Generation, drummer Michael Bland and bass player Sonny T .
Chandra Davis , aka London Charles and Deelishis, is an American model, and was a reality show contestant .
David 'Dave' Richmond , is a professional bass player, best known as a founder member of the 1960s pop group Manfred Mann, playing with the band in 1963 .
Taťána Kuchařová is a Czech dancer, model and beauty queen who won the title of Miss World Czech Republic and Miss World 2006 .
The Prince-Bishopric of Brixen is a former ecclesiastical state of the Holy Roman Empire in the present-day province of South Tyrol .
Metatronix is a hip hop/dub record label based in Miami, Florida that was founded in 2001 by music producer Omar Clemetson .
McClatchey Broadcasting is a Raleigh based, privately owned company that owns radio stations in North Carolina .
Suretrack Contracts Services is a privately owned construction firm which provides professional services which include Engineering, Design, Planning, Project Management, Construction Management, Real Estate and Consulting services for all aspects of buildings, infrastructure and the environment in Ghana .
Confederate History Month is a month annually designated by six state governments in the Southern United States for the purpose of recognizing and honoring the history of the Confederate States of America .
The Thirteenth Dynasty of ancient Egypt is often combined with Dynasties XI, XII and XIV under the group title Middle Kingdom .
WhiteTie is a concierge services, private membership club, online marketing company and travel agency based in Seattle, WA, USA and Hong Kong, China that provides extremely high end concierge services for customers world wide .
Zoosk is an online dating service available in 25 languages and in more than 80 countries .
Tebing Tinggi Deli or more commonly simply Tebing Tinggi is a chartered city bordering the city named Tebing Tinggi as well .
Phước Bửu is a township and town and capital of Xuyên Mộc District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam .
Miraj is a city in southern Maharashtra, India, that was founded in the early tenth century .
Htigyaing, also spelt Tigyaing, is a town in eastern Sagaing Division, in northern Burma .
Phegeus was a Greek mythological king who offered succor and his daughter, Arsinoe , to Alcmaeon, who was fleeing from the Erinyes .
The Taifa of Alpuente was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1009 to 1106 .
CALOI is a major Brazilian manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle equipment, along with motorized cycles like the past Mobilette models, based in São Paulo .
Matthias Wagner is a German programmer who has created utilities for games made by Westwood Studios, Electronic Arts and Petroglyph .
Carly Smithson is an Irish soul/pop rock singer-songwriter and actress who was the sixth place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol .
The Land of Nod is a catalog, internet and retail store company, based in Northbrook, Illinois, specializing in children's furniture, bedding and accessories .
Jarden Zinc Products of Greeneville, Tennessee, is an American manufacturer of a variety of basic zinc products, including sheets of zinc used as precursors to other products and coinage blanks , including the copper-coated zinc blanks presently used to mint the United States one-cent piece .
Arntzen de Besche Advokatfirma AS is one of Norway's leading business law firms employing more than 130 lawyers .
Linzi , was the capital of the ancient Chinese state of Qi during the Zhou Dynasty .
Pharma Nord is an international pharmaceutical company with corporate headquarters in Vejle, Denmark and manufacturing facility and research laboratories in Vojens, Denmark .
Vast Studios is a casual video game developer founded in 2008 and headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada .
The Kingdom of Bosnia acquired portions of western Serbia and most of the Adriatic coast south of the Neretva river, and during the latter part of his reign, Bosnia briefly became the strongest nation in the Balkans peninsula .
ResPublica is a British independent public policy think tank, founded in 2009 by Phillip Blond .
Bob Stoker is a UK Independence Party Councillor in South Belfast and former Member of the Northern Ireland Forum for South Belfast .
OJSC Aeroflot – Russian Airlines , is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Russian Federation .
Big Ant Studios is an Australian video game development studio founded by CEO Ross Symons in 2001 .
Colima , is one of the 31 states that, with the Federal District, make up the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Roman Armenia refers to the rule of parts of Greater Armenia by the Roman Empire, from the 1st century AD to the end of Late Antiquity .
Agios Nikolaos or Aghios Nikolaos is a coastal town on the Greek island of Crete, lying east of the island's capital Heraklion, north of the town of Ierapetra and west of the town of Sitia .
Demonland is a large island in Eric Rücker Eddison's fantasy world, described in The Worm Ouroboros .
The Westvleteren Brewery as well as the limited availability of the beers which are not brewed to normal commercial demands, but are sold in small quantities weekly from the doors of the monastery itself, to individual buyers after reservation only .
Hostway is a multinational web hosting and technology infrastructure company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States, founded in 1998 .
Against All Odds is a United States retail chain that predominantly sells clothing inspired by hip hop culture .
Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma, also known as Prince Rama Varma, is a South Indian classical musician, a performing vocalist, veena player, teacher at the Rotterdam Conservatory of Music and writer .
BP Solar was a manufacturer and installer of photovoltaic solar cells headquartered in Madrid, Spain, with production facilities in India and the People's Republic of China .
Fritz Renold is a saxophonist, composer, bandleader, teacher and festival director based in Aarau, Switzerland .
Ayyappan for weeks barefoot and then travel in groups to the shrine for a glimpse of Ayyappan .
Diego Sebastián Saja is an Argentine footballer who plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda as a goalkeeper .
Samarinda is the capital of the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan on the island of Borneo .
Nafisa Rizvi Khan was a British American actress, model and singer who appeared in Hindi films .
The Territory of the Saar Basin , also referred as the Saar or Saargebiet, was a region of Germany occupied and governed by the United Kingdom and France from 1920 to 1935 under a League of Nations mandate .
Bosch Solar Energy AG is a German wafer and solar cell manufacturer, based in Erfurt, which specialises in silicon-based pholtovoltaic products .
Sneaky Sunday is an Atlanta-based nightlife and entertainment review website that hosts recommendations for bars, clubs, restaurants, hotels, leisure activities and live entertainment venues in over 90 U .
Ker's WingHouse is a restaurant franchise based primarily in the Southeastern United States, founded by former National Football League player Crawford Ker .
Hudson Valley Federal Credit Union is a credit union in the New York counties of Dutchess, Orange, Ulster and Putnam .
Novozerskaya Volost Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate and then of Murmansk Governorate of the Russian SFSR .
Commodore Cruise Line was a United States -based cruise line that was in operation from 1968 until 2001 .
Siva Rama Krishna Ghattamaneni is an Indian film actor, director and producer known for his works in Telugu Cinema .
Oleg Lvovich Mitvol is a Russian environmentalist, businessman and government official, well known for his activity in the chair of environmental protection department .
Pixetell was an online communication and collaboration tool for producing and sharing screencasts, or short videos that present the contents and activity on their computer screen .
Michael Wong , better known by his stage name Mike Relm, is an American disc jockey, turntablist, and VJ from San Francisco, California .
Rumbek is the capital of Lakes State, central South Sudan, and the former capital of the country .
Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury is the editor of the Bangladeshi tabloid The Weekly Blitz the most influential anti-Jihadist newspaper in Bangladesh, and editor-in-chief of vernacular weekly Jamjamat .
Franklin National Bank, based in Franklin Square in Long Island, New York was once the United States' 20th largest bank .
Aerosud is an aeronautical engineering and manufacturing company, formed in 1990 by the then key designers of the South African Denel Rooivalk attack helicopter, together with similar leaders from the Atlas Cheetah fighter program and the Product Support Environment .
The Hamriyah Free Zone is a free zone in the city of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates .
Bayelsa State is a state in southern Nigeria in the core Niger Delta region, between Delta State and Rivers State .
Gyrodata Incorporated is an American company with headquarters in Houston, Texas, and principal offices in Aberdeen, Scotland, and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, providing directional wellbore survey technology utilizing gyroscopic based survey tools and directional drilling services .
Alice + Olivia is a New York, New York-based contemporary clothing company with designer, Stacey Bendet, at the helm .
The Republic of Bergamo or Repubblica Bergamasca was an ephemeral revolutionary client republic of 24 members, created on 13 March 1797, by the French army to rule the local administration of Bergamo and its province .
I Gear also allows users to connect these devices to business level systems like databases and e-mail servers for data collection, notification, and analysis .
Derya Köroğlu is the founding member and lead singer of the Turkish musical group Yeni Türkü .
The Sagano Scenic Railway of JR West, from Torokko Sagano in Arashiyama, and passes a gorge offering a scenic view along the Hozu River, then enters and terminates in the basin of Kameoka .
Maoye International Holdings Limited , or Maoye International, Maoye, is the top-rank leading department store in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China and is engaged in department store and retailing business in Guangdong, Sichuan, Chongqing and Jiangsu .
Tenggarong is a town in and the capital of Kutai Kartanegara Regency of East Kalimantan Province, Indonesia .
Gunung Tua is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat .
Arcor is the former name of the fixed phone line and Internet business of Vodafone D2 GmbH, a German subsidiary of telecommunications company Vodafone .
Neil Burton Rolnick is an American composer and educator living in New York City .
The West Cornwall Pasty Company is a fast food chain in the United Kingdom specialising in making and selling pasties .
Artem Anatoliyovich Kravets is a Ukrainian football striker that plays for Ukrainian side Dynamo Kyiv .
Guillermo Gonzalez, better known as Pedro ""El Rockero"" Alcázar was a Panamanian boxer who won the WBO Super flyweight championship, and then sustained fatal injuries in the ring .
Rocking Horse Studio is an audio, video and multimedia production company located in Pittsfield, New Hampshire .
This article deals with the historical county and duchy of Guelders, for other meanings see Gelderland .
Monica Lindeen is an American politician and Montana's Commissioner of Securities and Insurance, Montana State Auditor .
Sardargardh Bantva was a princely state founded in 1760 on the Kathiawar peninsula in Gujarat, India .
A conglomerate is a combination of two or more corporations engaged in entirely different businesses that fall under one corporate group, usually involving a parent company and many subsidiaries .
Chechen–Ingush Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast of the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, created on January 15, 1934 by merging Chechen and Ingush Autonomous Oblasts .
The Kingdom of Tungning after the Ming government in China was overthrown by the Manchu Qing dynasty .
Valley Regional Transit, doing business as ValleyRide, is a public agency which is the main provider of mass transit service in metropolitan Boise, Idaho .
Babruysk Voblast, created on September 20, 1944, was an administrative division in Belarus with its administrative centre at Babruysk .
Samuel Alexander Moran is an Australian entertainer best known for having been a member of the children's band The Wiggles .
OGPlanet is a gaming publisher of free-to-play, massively multiplayer online or via prepaid cards found at retail stores; Astros are used for in-game enhancements .
Adeyto is an artist, singer-songwriter, actress, director, photographer, university professor, and fashion designer based in Japan .
Umm al-Quwain is the least populous of the seven sovereign emirates in the United Arab Emirates, located in the north of the country .
Kano is a city in Nigeria and the capital of Kano State in Northern Nigeria, in the Sahelian geographic region south of the Sahara .
MermaidFX is a company that creates mermaid tails and other aquatic costumes for television shows, films, commercials and individuals .
The Palmyrene Empire was a splinter state centered at Palmyra, that broke away from the Roman Empire during the Crisis of the Third Century .
Scott Earl Holman is a jazz pianist, composer and recording artist also recognized for his contributions to the Chicago jazz community .
Sarojini Sahoo , Sahoo earned her MA and PhD degrees in Oriya Literature and a Bachelor of Law from Utkal University .
Zakho is a city, centre of the eponymous Zakho District of the Dohuk Governorate of Iraqi Kurdistan, located a few kilometers from the Iraqi-Turkish border .
New Wave Productions is a Lebanon-based pan-Arab recorded music company, production company and artist management company formed in 2007 by Lebanese musician and producer Walid Al Massih .
The Songhai Empire, also spelled as the Songhay Empire, was a Songhai state that dominated the western Sahel in the 15th and 16th century .
Guntram Wolf was a maker of modern and historical woodwind instruments in Kronach, Germany .
Johnny Kingdom is an English wildlife filmmaker, specialising in his local area of Exmoor in North Devon .
Rebecca Jo Moore is a beauty queen from Vestavia Hills, Alabama who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Banganapalle State was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
Dynasplint Systems, Incorporated is a company that designs, manufactures and sells dynamic splints that are used for range of motion rehabilitation .
Morris Brothers was a retail clothing store that became a New York City fixture between its World War II-era founding and its closing in 2007 .
For the Minnesota politician, see Peggy Scott is an African-American soul and R&B singer .
The Taifa of Santarém was a medieval taifa kingdom in what is now Portugal which only existed from 1144 to 1145 .
Andrew Murray Scott, born in Aberdeen, Scotland in 1955 is a novelist, poet and non-fiction book writer .
Volga Bulgaria, or Volga–Kama Bulghar, was a historic Islamic Bulgar Turkic state that existed between the seventh and thirteenth centuries around the confluence of the Volga and Kama rivers, in what is now European Russia .
Billy Morrison is an English guitarist, singer and actor who plays guitar with Billy Idol and performs with the Los Angeles-based cover band Royal Machines .
The Atiwa District is one of the twenty-one districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
The Northeastern United States, or simply the Northeast, is a geographical region of the United States bounded to the north by Canada, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the south by the Southern United States, and to the west by the Midwestern United States .
Milutin Sredojević is a Serbian football coach and former player who manages the Ugandan national team .
Not to be confused with Fullers GroupFullers GreatSights Bay of Islands is a major tourism company based in Northland, New Zealand .
Bihwa Gaya, also known as Bijabal in Japanese records of the time, was one of the member states of the Gaya confederacy during the Three Kingdoms period of Korea .
Paul John Maskey for the Westminster constituency of Belfast West, but in line with Sinn Féin's policy of abstentionism he has not taken his seat .
The term Unfederated Malay States was the collective name given to five British protected states in the Malay peninsula in the first half of the twentieth century .
Mason Cash & Co was a pottery company, based in Woodville, Swadlincote, Derbyshire making a range of earthenware and stoneware kitchenware including mixing bowls, pudding basins and petware .
New Play Project is a non-profit organization founded in Provo, Utah, by four Brigham Young University students .
The Kimberley Brewery was established and operated by the brewer Hardys & Hansons, and has a heritage dating from 1832 .
ARES Incorporated is an American weapons manufacturer and firearms engineering company co-founded by the renowned American weapons inventor and developer Eugene Stoner in 1971 .
Publius Servilius Rullus Roman tribune of the people in 63 BC, proposed one of the most far-reaching agrarian laws brought forward in Roman history .
FirstRand Limited, also referred to as FirstRand Group is the holding company of FirstRand Bank, and is a financial services provider in South Africa .
Mohéli, also known as Mwali, is one of the three islands which make up the nation of Comoros .
Dräxlmaier Group is a German automotive component supplier possessing expertise in auto electric, interiors, plastics, toolmaking and logistics .
Aniello Desiderio He has played in concerts in Norway, Canada, Germany, Croatia, United States, Turkey, Romania, Austria, Spain, Greece, Mexico, Indonesia, Luxembourg, Brasil, France, Slovenia, Switzerland, Denmark, Colombia, Poland, Venezuela, Portugal, Georgia, Russia .
Backporch Revolution is an independent record label, netlabel, and artists' collective from New Orleans, Louisiana, probably most noted for releasing material by Chef Menteur, potpie and other New Orleans underground artists .
The Lordship of Winneburg and Beilstein from 1635 on called themselves Freiherren von Metternich-Winneburg zu Beilstein and were elevated to Imperial counts in 1679 .
Monument Avenue, in Richmond, Virginia, is a premier example of the Grand American Avenue city planning style .
Ed Banger Records is a French electronic music record label founded by Pedro Winter in 2003 as a division of Headbangers Entertainment .
Debbie Leifer was named 2006 Greater Atlanta Magician Of The Year by the International Brotherhood of Magicians and the Society Of American Magicians Atlanta chapters .
Strathfield previously managed several Strathfield stores, whose stores were some of the most profitable in the chain .
Timothy 'Tim' Neese is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 48th district where he has served since 2003 .
OSIsoft, LLC is a manufacturer of application software for real-time data infrastructure solutions, called the PI System .
This article lists and describes the features of mass media based in Saitama Prefecture of Japan .
British Dyestuffs Corporation Ltd was a British company formed in 1919 from the merger of British Dyes Ltd with Levinstein Ltd .
Vantage Media is an advertising technology company with headquarters in El Segundo, California that specializes in real-time bidding for customer acquisition .
Kingdom of Kandy was an independent monarchy of the island of Lanka, located in the central and eastern portion of the island .
Manuelita is a Colombian agribusiness corporation, headquartered in Cali, Valle del Cauca, whose main products are refined sugar, ethanol, palm oil, biodiesel, mussels, shrimp and fruits and vegetables .
Mayra Andrade is a Cape Verdean singer who lives and records in Paris, France .
Mike Dawson is a British-American cartoonist, known for his work on books such as Freddie & Me,Ace-Face and Gabagool! .
DJ Hen Boogie born Henry Alexander III is an American DJ and producer whose music encompasses and fuses a wide variety of genres including jazz, hip hop, electronic music, and soul .
Cheshire Kat Productions is a commercial film production company founded by actress Michelle Rodriguez and her long-time friend and business partner, Giancarlo Chersich .
IIFL Holdings Limited is an Indian financial services company which is headquartered in Mumbai, India .
The Alawi Sheikhdom — was a Sheikhdom located in the Adan region of southwestern Yemen .
Espresso Vivace is a Seattle area coffee shop and roaster known for its high quality of coffee and roasting practices .
Alessandra Celletti is an Italian pianist, vocalist, songwriter and composer, best known as an interpreter of Erik Satie .
Septwolves is a tobacco and clothing brand based in Fujian, People's Republic of China .
Milliman, formerly Milliman & Robertson, is a large international, independent actuarial and consulting firm, with revenues of $676 million in 2010 .
Waibakul is a town in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Central Sumba Regency .
Refmex GL Glass is a Mexican manufacturer of high-quality industrial glass products, its main markets are borosilicate glass, f-silicate glass, and Quartz glass made for the use of Industries .
Hilakku was one of the Neo-Hittite states during the Iron Age in southern Anatolia during the 1st millennium BC .
Biostar Microtech International Corp or commonly known as Biostar, is a motherboard manufacturer based in Taiwan, designing and manufacturing of computer hardware products such as motherboards, video cards, barebone computers and industrial PCs .
The North German Confederation , but the states already had the intention to form later a federation or confederation with a constitution .
Palatinate-Guttenberg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Guttenberg in the south of modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Andrew Corporation, a formerly independent manufacturer of hardware for communications networks, was founded by Victor J .
Sonora , and mining since the colonial period, and for its status as a border state since the Mexican–American War .
The Chemins de Fer Ottomans d'Anatolie connected with the CFOA at Konya to allow rail transport from İstanbul to the Middle East, although the Baghdad railway wasn't completed until 1940 .
Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice is a chain of American low-price warehouse grocery stores located in California, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington .
empreintes DIGITALes is a record label founded in 1990 and based in Montreal which specialises in contemporary electroacoustic music, acousmatic and musique concrète .
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti is an Italian bank founded in 1850 in Torino; after the unification of Italy, in 1863 it was restructured and the headquarters moved to Rome; it was constituted in its current form as a joint-stock company on 12 December 2003 .
Mani Spinx player in his early youth, but decided to go for a career in music instead .
Higdon Partners LLC, headquartered in New York City, is a global executive search firm focused exclusively on the investment management industry .
Global Closure Systems is a privately owned French company producing closures for beverage containers and other purposes .
Fabiano Santacroce is a professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Parma in the centre or on the left of defence .
Appaloosa Management is an American hedge fund founded in 1993 by David Tepper and Jack Walton specializing in distressed debt .
Gyeru was an ancient Korean city-state that formed within the former realm of Gojoseon .
Per Svedberg is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election, 2006 .
The Hyundai Wia Corporation is a member of the Hyundai Motor Group and is the 2nd biggest automotive parts manufacturer in South Korea .
Trophos is a biopharmaceutical company specialising in the discovery and development of novel therapeutics to treat both orphan neurodegenerative diseases and more prevalent disorders .
Adam Richard Wiles , reached number one on the UK Albums Chart and includes ""I'm Not Alone"", which debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, the top-five hit ""Ready for the Weekend"", and the singles ""Flashback"" and ""You Used to Hold Me"" .
Ronimo Games is a Dutch video game developer founded in 2007 by former students of the Utrecht School of the Arts .
Joe Craven is a Freestyle folk, world and roots music multi-instrumentalist, singer and award winning educator .
Andriy Mykolaiovich Yarmolenko is a Ukrainian football winger or forward for Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League and the Ukraine national football team .
Siteworx, LLC , eCommerce solutions and system integration and has helped digital leaders such as Time Warner Cable, Citrix Online and Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group deploy multi-channel experiences .
The Natural Law Party was a transnational party founded in 1992 on ""the principles of Transcendental Meditation"", the laws of nature, and their application to all levels of government .
Auto AG Schwyz is a company based in Schwyz, Switzerland which provides bus services to the Canton of Schwyz .
The Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts, also known as OMEGA or OMEGA Championship Wrestling, is an independent professional wrestling promotion based in central North Carolina .
Mercian Corporation is a Japan-based operating unit of Kirin, primarily engaged in the production and retail of wine and other alcoholic beverages .
Atsuko Hashimoto, is a jazz musician from Osaka, Japan who plays Hammond B-3 electronic organ and has performed in Japan and the United States .
The Northern Court , also known as the ""Ashikaga Pretenders"" or ""Northern Pretenders"", were a set of six pretenders to the throne of Japan during the Nanboku-chō period from 1336 through 1392 .
Wyldfyer is a music producer initially known for his production for his promo album , which features Lil Wayne and ""I do it for Hip Hop"" which features the familiar duo of Nas and Jay-Z are two of the latest songs produced by Wyldfyer .
Telkomsel is a brand name of a GSM and UMTS Mobile phone network operator which is operating in Indonesia .
Charles Perry or Chuck Perry , was the founding president of Florida International University in Miami, having pushed for the university's founding from 1943 until 1965 .
Sabrina Jeffries is the pen name of a best-selling American author of romance novels, who also writes under the pen names Deborah Martin and Deborah Nicholas .
TV Xtreme Broadcasting Company is an entertainment channel owned by horseowner-businessman Hermie Esguerra through Herma Group, Inc .
Stephen Wellman is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Qormi, where he plays as a defender, and also occasionally as a striker .
Crayola is a brand of artists' supplies manufactured by Crayola, LLC and best known for its crayons .
Mamou is a city and sub prefecture in a valley of the Fouta Djallon area of Guinea .
Tuvalu have appeared in the finals of the football competition at the Pacific Games on four occasions in 1979, 2003, 2007 and 2011 .
Rhema Lee McKnight is a former wide receiver for the University of Notre Dame's American Football team and signed with the New Orleans Saints as an undrafted free agent on April 29, 2007 .
According to oral tradition in the area of the Great Lakes of Africa, the Empire of Kitara , Rwanda and Burundi .
Diane Farrell is an American politician who was the unsuccessful Democratic candidate for Connecticut's 4th congressional district in 2004 and 2006 .
Ottoman Iraq refers to the period of the history of Iraq when the region was ruled by the Ottoman Empire : Mosul Vilayet Baghdad Vilayet Basra VilayetDuring World War I, an invasion of the region was undertaken by British Empire forces and was known as the Mesopotamian campaign .
SuccessFactors is an American multinational company headquartered in South San Francisco, California, providing cloud-based human capital management model .
Frontier Adventure Sports and Training is the most establishedneeds citation Adventure Race organizer in Canada, in operation since 1997 .
New Leinster was a province of the Colony of New Zealand, consisting of Stewart Island Rakiura New Leinster after the correspondence regions in Ireland in 1840 .
Hatay Province , a geographical, economical and cultural region that covers the provinces of Mersin, Adana, Osmaniye, and Hatay .
The Muntz Car Company was created in Glendale, California by Earl ""Madman"" Muntz, a well known local used car dealer and electronics retailer .
Alodia or Alwa was the southernmost of the three kingdoms of Christian Nubia; the other two were Nobatia and Makuria to the north .
Adyen is a global multichannel payment company offering businesses an outsourced payment solution, which enables merchants to accept payments from anywhere in the world and provides a global payment solution for mid, large and enterprise e-commerce merchants .
Erick E and a more intimate playground, where he could perform a mix of ‘warm tech-house’ and ‘danceable techno’ .
Euryale , in Greek mythology, was the second eldest one of the Gorgons, three vicious sisters with brass hands, sharp fangs, and hair of living, venomous snakes .
Ayano Tsuji is a J-pop singer famous in Japan for her unconventional light singing style and ukulele music .
Dan Naturman is an American stand-up comedian, who has made numerous appearances on television .
Samuel Shellabarger was an American educator and author of both scholarly works and best-selling historical novels .
Nurmekund on the north coast of Lake Võrtsjärv in Central Estonia, bordered by Sakala, Alempois, Järvamaa, Mõhu, and Ugandi .
Nueva Vizcaya was the first province in the north of New Spain to be explored and settled by the Spanish .
Sicilia was the first province acquired by the Roman Republic, organized in 241 BC as a proconsular governed territory, in the aftermath of the First Punic War with Carthage .
Tambacounda is the largest city in eastern Senegal, 250 miles southeast of Dakar, and is the Regional capital of the province of the same name .
Kansai Nerolac Paints Ltd is the largest industrial paint and second largest decorative paint company of India based in Mumbai .
Kru-Cut is an American record label formed by Lonzo Williams in 1984 during the formation of his group the World Class Wreckin Cru in hopes of the group gaining a status and being able to make money .
Badulla above sea level and is surrounded by picturesque hills and mountains, most of which have tea plantations .
Ceco Manufacturing Company was a Providence, Rhode Island, USA, firm which acquired a license to manufacture radio tubes in May 1929 .
DJ Semtex is an English disc jockey and presenter for BBC Radio 1Xtra digital radio station, presenting the flagship hip-hop show, Friday nights from 22:00-01:00 .
The Sultanate of Egypt is the name of the short-lived protectorate that the United Kingdom imposed over Egypt between 1914 and 1922 .
HelpAge Canada is a non-denominational, non-profit charity in Canada dedicated to assisting impoverished older persons living in Canada and the developing world .
Deirdre Gilsenan is an Irish singer who has toured with a variety of Celtic music groups, such as Anúna, Celtic Thunder and Celtic Woman .
Nawanagar , who was a famous cricket player at Cambridge in England before his accession to the throne .
Nkechi Ka Egenamba known as Ninja is an English rapper and the female lead vocalist for the British indie band The Go! Team .
Myawaddy is a town in south-eastern Myanmar in Kayin State close to the border with Thailand .
Infinera Corporation is a vertically integrated manufacturer of long-haul WDM optical transmission equipment for the service provider market .
The ill-defined area known as ""Nickajack"" generally refers to the rugged Appalachian foothills in eastern Tennessee and northeastern Alabama .
Jason Anthony MacDonald is a retired Canadian mixed martial artist who is perhaps best known for his two stints with the Ultimate Fighting Championship as a middleweight .
The Cardiff Railway came into being from the need to service Bute Docks, so as to provide facilities for the traffic to and from the Docks .
The Compañía Cervecera de Puerto Rico is one of two breweries in Puerto Rico .
Anim-X was the name of a fictional video game developer created by Electronic Arts as part of the alternate reality game Majestic .
Ashok Singhal for over 20 years until, following a long bout of diminishing physical health, he was replaced in December 2011 .
The following is a list of the most populous incorporated places in the western United States .
Elastic Path™ Software is a privately held company that provides an enterprise level Java ecommerce platform and ecommerce consulting to businesses selling digital goods and services .
First Niagara Bank is a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured regional banking corporation headquartered in the Larkin Terminal Warehouse in Buffalo, New York .
The Republic of Canada was a government proclaimed by William Lyon Mackenzie on December 13, 1837 .
Merrill Davis Osmond is the lead singer and bassist of the 1970s music group The Osmonds .
Devi Ahilya University also called Indore University, is a university operated by the state of Madhya Pradesh at Indore, India, named after Devi Ahilya Bai Holkar belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas .
Kee Wah Bakery , they are best known in Hong Kong and overseas Chinese communities for their traditional Chinese pastries and delicacies, notably their Chinese Bridal Cakes and mooncakes .
Aaron Matthew Riley is a retired American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Andriy Kikot is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League .
The Quadro Group is a group of four member states of the European Union established in November 2008 at the ministerial level at the initiative of Malta .
Jet Set Zero is an HD streaming video and video podcast adventure-travel series that follows a team of people as they travel the world with a restricted budget .
Himal Southasian is a quarterly magazine publishing commentary, reportage, criticism, opinion, review, fiction and poetry, and is based in Kathmandu, Nepal .
JJW Hotels & Resorts Limited is an international private company of Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber with principal business interests in acquisition, development and operation of several hotels and resorts throughout Europe and the Middle East .
The Republic of Zamboanga officially known as The Independent Republic of Zamboanga was a short-lived revolutionary republic, founded after the collapse of Spanish colonial rule in Zamboanga in 1899 .
BTR Aerospace Group was renamed by BTR plc after the acquisition of the Dunlop Aviation Division from Dunlop Rubber in 1985 .
Katsina is a city , and a Local Government Area in northern Nigeria, and is the capital of Katsina State .
Aref Arefkia, known as Aref Although the majority of his songs were of a more romantic nature, Aref’s collaborations with lyricist Iraj Janati Ataie did run Aref into problems with censorship .
Christopher John ""Chris"" Porter is an English footballer, who plays as a striker for Colchester United .
MAIET Entertainment is a South Korean video game developer, best known for creating the third-person shooter game GunZ: The Duel in 2004 .
Carrie Vaughn and later graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder with a Master of Arts degree in English Literature .
OPIN was established in September 2002 by Interros in order to consolidate its real estate assets and operations .
Kaye Michelle Wragg is an English actress best known for her television roles as Sergeant Diane Noble in The Bill, Kate Oakley in No Angels and Lucy Archer in The Lakes .
Fadhli , was an independent sultanate on the southern coast of the Arabian Peninsula from at least the 15th century until 1967 .
Dan Zeff is a British television director and writer, educated at Clare College, Cambridge, who has directed episodes of well-known British comedy series such as Fat Friends, The Worst Week of My Life, Linda Green, At Home with the Braithwaites and Ideal .
The Columbia Gardens Cemetery is a cemetery located in the Ashton Heights Historic District of Arlington, Virginia .
Equatorial Guinea ranking: ""Countries whose governments do not fully comply with the minimum standards and are not making significant efforts to do so .
Point of View, POV is a computer hardware company that produces PCs , tablets, gaming graphics cards mice and mouse pads, as well as other accessories such as headphones, Bluetooth dongles .
Giro Commercial Bank , whose full name is Giro Commercial Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Arig was founded in 1980, Established by the governments of Kuwait, Libya and the United Arab Emirates, is the largest Arab owned re-insurer .
Allen Cohen is an American composer, arranger, conductor, vocal coach, pianist and university professor .
Cédric Lécluse player, currently without a club after retiring following a woeful season with Ligue 2 side Angers SCO .
Andrea Meyer is an American journalist, screenwriter, and author of the chick lit novel, Room For Love .
Axle Whitehead is a former Australian Video Hits TV host and current singer, musician, and actor .
Pete He seems to have lost much of his antagonistic demeanor in his Mickey Mouse Clubhouse appearances and is today a largely friendly character, although his antics can occasionally prove an annoyance .
Iași , the high quality cultural centres and festivals, an array of museums, memorial houses, religious and historical monuments .
Health Integrated is an American health care management company based in Tampa, FL, that addresses health, productivity and cost challenges by integrating behavioral health and behavior change into medical and diseasemanagement activities .
Sister Maria Consolata Betrone , baptised as Pierina Maria Betrone was a Catholic mystic and nun of the Franciscan Capuchine Order .
Malakoff Corporation Berhad is a Malaysian power company that generates and sells power as an independent power producer to Tenaga Nasional for uploading onto the National Grid, Malaysia .
LaSara FireFox is an American writer, game designer, sex educator, and a neuro-linguistic programming master practitioner and trainer .
The Desert is a fictional Princedom in Melanie Rawn's fantasy novels of the Dragon Prince and Dragon Star trilogies .
Roger David Kornberg is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
Andy Tillison is a British keyboardist and singer best known for his work in the progressive rock bands Parallel or 90 Degrees and The Tangent .
Sinclair Radionics Ltd was a company founded by Sir Clive Sinclair in Cambridge, England which developed hi-fi products, radios, calculators and scientific instruments .
Alice Heine , styled HSH The Princess of Monaco, and also The Duchess of Richelieu, was the American-born second wife of Prince Albert I of Monaco, a great-grandfather of Prince Rainier III of Monaco .
Ajaigarh or Adjygurh is a town and a nagar panchayat in the Panna District of Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Outward Bound Australia is the Australian chapter of the not-for-profit organisation Outward Bound International .
High Moon Studios is an American video game developer, that used to be a part of Sierra Entertainment .
comScore is an American Internet analytics company providing marketing data and analytics to many of the world's largest enterprises, agencies, and publishers .
The Duchy of Friuli was a Lombard duchy in present-day Friuli, the first to be established after the conquest of the Italian peninsula in 568 .
Miss Millie's is a chain of fried chicken outlets, based in the city of Bristol, England .
The Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus , under the leadership of Georgios Christakis-Zografos, a distinguished local Greek politician and former Minister of Foreign Affairs, and with tacit support from Greece .
August ""Augie"" Meyers is an American musician, singer, songwriter, performer, studio musician, producer, and record label owner .
Eliot Shapleigh is a politician from the state of Texas, who represented the state's 29th Senatorial District, which comprises the majority of El Paso County, from 1997 to 2011 .
American National Insurance Company is a major American insurance corporation based in Galveston, Texas .
The Great Lakes Megalopolis consists of the group of North American metropolitan areas which surround the Great Lakes region and Saint Lawrence Seaway .
Sagaing , the city was the common fief of the crown prince or senior princes .
NewsLink Pty Ltd is an Australian company responsible for providing convenience items and travel products in airports and railway stations in Australia, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, and Fiji .
Edinburgh University Press is a scholarly publisher of academic books and journals, based in Edinburgh, Scotland .
Wituland in East Africa centered on the town of Witu just inland from Indian Ocean port of Lamu north of the mouth of the Tana River in what is now Kenya .
Chợ Rã is a township and capital town of Ba Bể District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam .
Uralsvyazinform is one of the former 7 RTO's, or regional telecommunications operators, formed by the company Svyazinvest .
Randa Accessories is a manufacturer, distributor and marketer of belts, wallets, neckwear, neckties, luggage, casual bags, backpacks, jewelry, briefcases, and other leather goods .
Maharashtra threshold for the first time in 2013, making it one of the richest states in India .
Map Link was the largest map distributor in North America not affiliated with a major map publisher, and in terms of titles offered , it was the largest map distributor in the world .
Jester Interactive ia a video game developer based in North Wales in the United Kingdom and was founded in 1997 as a trading arm of Morgan Computing Limited .
Newgistics is a shipping company dealing in the management of small parcel delivery and returns services .
Đuro Živković, also correctly seen as Djuro Zivkovic , is a Serbian-Swedish composer and violinist .
Patricia Coats Jessamy is a former chief prosecutor for the City of Baltimore, Maryland She was appointed to head the Office of the State's Attorney in 1995 and won reelection three times .
Andreas Gripp , Only the Sea Keeps: Poetry of the Tsunami, Van Gogh's Ear, Ascent Aspirations, Myth Weavers: Canadian Myths and Legends, Carousel, The Toronto Quarterly, The Prairie Journal, Canadian Zen Haiku, Literary Review of Canada, Possessions: The Eldon House Poems, Descant, Tower Poetry, Pigeonbike: Semi Permanent Death, Goodbye Billie Jean: The Meaning of Michael Jackson, Under the Mullberry Tree: Poems For & About Raymond Souster, Window Fishing: the night we caught Beatlemania, and Quern: An Anthology of Contemporary Poets .
James Douglas Genn is a film and TV writer and director born in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1972 .
Mashhad is the second most populous city in Iran and capital of Razavi Khorasan Province .
Zulma Yugar is a Bolivian politician and folk singer with international recognition and influence .
Humberto Ak'ab'al also Ak'abal or Akabal was named book of the year by Association of Guatemalan Journalists and received their Golden Quetzal award in 1993 .
Parent company: China Datang CorporationDatang International Power Generation Company Limited have been approved to be traded in the US over-the-counter market .
Barotseland is a region in the western part of Zambia, and is the homeland of the Lozi people or Barotse who are a unified group of formerly diverse tribes, primarily the Luyi .
Abgent is a global biotechnology company based in San Diego, California, US with offices in Maidenhead, UK and Suzhou, China and distributors around the world .
László Ede Hudec or Ladislav Hudec was a Hungarian - Slovak architect active in Shanghai from 1918 to 1945 and responsible for some of that city's most notable structures .
Flirtomatic was an online flirting and social networking service for people connected to the Internet via mobile phone or PC .
Nayarit , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, make up the 32 federal entities of Mexico .
Rhufoniog was a small sub-kingdom of the Dark Ages Gwynedd, and later a cantref in medieval Wales .
New Renaissance Records is an American record label founded in 1984 by Ann Boleyn, who also is the lead singer of the group Hellion and is credited for coining the term speed metal .
Black Eye Productions was a short-lived but influential Canadian comic book publishing company founded by Michel Vrana .
The Blue Ribbon College Basketball Yearbook is an annual publication which includes preseason previews of every NCAA Division I men's college basketball team in the United States .
General Motors India Private Limited is a partnership between General Motors and SAIC that is engaged in the automobile business in India .
Oberthur Technologies is a French secure technology company, providing digital security solutions for Smart Transactions, Mobile Financial Services, Machine-to-Machine, Digital Identity and Transport & Access Control .
Ottoman Syria refers to divisions of the Ottoman Empire within the Levant, usually defined as the region east of the Mediterranean Sea, west of the Euphrates River, north of the Arabian Desert and south of the Taurus Mountains .
CoreMedia is a global provider of enterprise web content management solutions with headquarters in Hamburg, Germany and San Francisco, California .
The Tibet Autonomous Region , after Xinjiang, and mostly due to its harsh and rugged terrain, is the least densely populated provincial-level division of the PRC .
Fortriu or the Kingdom of Fortriu is the name given by historians for an ancient Pictish kingdom in 843, can perhaps be better understood in this context .
Ilaga is the name of a small town and a farming valley in Papua, Indonesia, with an elevation of 2,286 m Puncak Regency .
Hopetech Sdn Bhd, is a systems integrator and solutions provider for automated revenue collection, road telematics and electronic payment systems in the transportation and electronic purse sectors .
Fred Cobain, MBE is a Democratic Unionist Party politician from Northern Ireland and was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly from 1998 until 2011 .
The Lordship of Eglofs was an estate of the Holy Roman Empire, in the Württemberg Allgäu, located around the village of Eglofs, now in Argenbühl in the rural district of Ravensburg in southern Baden-Württemberg, Germany .
Ole-Johan Dahl was a Norwegian computer scientist and is considered to be one of the fathers of Simula and object-oriented programming along with Kristen Nygaard .
Ashley Eicher is an award winning national television host, producer & music industry executive who competed in the Miss America pageant .
Nicholas Royle is an English novelist, editor, publisher, literary reviewer and creative writing lecturer .
The Treaty of Cusseta was a treaty between the government of the United States and the Creek Nation signed March 24, 1832 .
Thomas Edgar ""Tom"" Rothman is an American film executive and was recently named Chairman of a new joint venture with Sony Pictures to make movies and television under the TriStar banner called TriStar Productions .
In addition to their own state flags and anthems, each 13 of Malaysia's states has its own emblems, consisting of a state animal and a state plant .
Anuj Gurwara is a Filmfare Award winning Indian playback singer, master of ceremonies, lyricist, actor, voice-over artist, radio jockey and television show host .
Innkeeper's Lodge is a UK budget hotel chain that is owned by Mitchells & Butlers Group .
Salted Music is a dance music record label, based in San Francisco, California, founded by Miguel Migs .
Compustat is a database of financial, statistical and market information on active and inactive global companies throughout the world .
Brenda Kaye Brabham is a beauty queen from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who has competed in the Miss USA 2005 pageant .
Georgios Alogoskoufis is a Professor of Economics at the Athens University of Economics and Business since 1990 .
Shougang Concord International Enterprises Company Limited is the subsidiary of Beijing-based state-owned Shougang Group engaging in seven businesses: steel manufacturing, steel trading, shipping segment, electric generation, property investment and management and other corporate businesses .
Taku Ishihara is a Japanese footballer who plays for TSG Neustrelitz on loan from Erzgebirge Aue .
Jacqueline S Gold is an English businesswoman who is Chief Executive of the Gold Group International companies Ann Summers and Knickerbox .
The Ford Plant was a not-for-profit music venue founded in 2002, which has expanded at various times into projects such as an art gallery (the One King Gallery, studio, music store and record label .
Korea Investment Corporation was established in 2005 to preserve and enhance the long-term purchasing power of South Korea's sovereign wealth through efficient management of public funds in the international financial markets .
Metal Storm Limited was a research and development company based in Brisbane, Australia that specialized in electronically initiated superposed load weapons technology and owned the proprietary rights to the electronic ballistics technology invented by J .
SURFnet is an organisation that develops, implements and maintains the national research and education network .
Michelle Arvizu is a television and film actress, having a recurring role on the show Kevin Hill .
Joe Dunn is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 96th district from 2003 until January 2009 .
Enviromena Power Systems is a photovoltaic system integrator in the Middle East and North Africa region .
The United Kingdom of the Netherlands is somehow a ""distant heir"" of the former United Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Simcyp Limited is a research-based company which provides modelling and simulation software to the pharmaceutical industry for use during drug development .
Rainpower ASA is a Norwegian company which develops, designs, manufactures and sells equipment for hydropower electricity generation .
Thomas Larsson is a Swedish guitarist and song writer, perhaps most famous for his work with singer Glenn Hughes and with the band Baltimoore .
InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel is a historic luxury hotel in Midtown Manhattan, New York City .
The Kingdom of León was an independent kingdom situated in the northwest region of the Iberian Peninsula .
Middle Pillar Presents is a New York based record label that specializes in ambient, gothic, and experimental music .
Sophia Danenberg is an American mountain climber best known as the first African American and the first black woman to climb to the summit of Mount Everest, the world's tallest mountain .
Nur Ali Elahi was a spiritual thinker, musician and jurist who dedicated his life to investigating the metaphysical dimension of human beings .
Niall O'Shea is a London-born Gaelic footballer who plays inter-county football with Dublin and his club football for St Judes .
Cúram Software was an Irish software company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland with offices in Australia, Germany, India, the United Kingdom and the United States .
Carol Bly was a teacher and an award-winning American author of short stories, essays, and nonfiction works on writing .
Eunomius , Eunomius carried his views to a practical issue by altering the baptismal formula .
American Career College is a private, for profit vocational college that specializes in health care training programs .
Yukon , subarctic in the central region, between north of Whitehorse and Pie Town, and has a humid continental climate in the far south, south of Whitehorse and in areas close to the British Columbia border .
Coded Illusions was a computer game development company based in the Netherlands, founded in August 2005 after being a two-year hobby project .
Delaware is a state on the Atlantic Coast in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States .
Ambu A/S is a Danish company that develops, produces, and markets diagnostic and life-supporting equipment and solutions to hospitals and rescue services .
Banestes is a bank responsible for the public execution of loans for the Brazilian state of Espírito Santo, with the captation of resources, transfer and applications being one of the state's major instruments of economical development .
Nicole Miriam Lapin is known for being an anchor on CNBC and CNN Live who regularly appeared on CNN Headline News, CNN, and CNN International .
John Bolloten, also known as The Rootsman, is a musician and DJ based in Bradford, England .
Surplex GmbH is a Düsseldorf based company that is primarily focused on buying and selling used machinery .
Chicago Public Media is a not-for-profit media company that operates as the primary National Public Radio member organization for Chicago .
Appnovation Technologies is a software services firm specializing in web, intranet and mobile application development using open source technologies Drupal, Alfresco and HTML5 frameworks like SproutCore and PhoneGap .
Bernie Glassman , an organization established in 1996 with his late wife Sandra Jishu Holmes .
The Turmus Ayya Equestrian Club is an equestrian club in the town of Turmus Ayya, between Ramallah and Nablus in the Palestinian territories .
Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia are the three fictional superstates in George Orwell's futuristic dystopian novel Nineteen Eighty-Four .
GP Express Airlines was a regional airline with its headquarters in Grand Island, Nebraska The parent corporation of the airline began on-demand air charter operations in December 1975 .
InStore Audio Network is a retail media provider of narrowcast in-store background music, in-store video content and advertising for delivery within supermarkets and drugstores .
Beau Weaver is an American voice actor and narrator in television and film, heard widely in trailers for feature films, network television promos, documentaries, national radio and television commercials and animated cartoons .
Reggie Scanlan is a bass guitar player and photographer from New Orleans, Louisiana and a founding member of swamp rock band, The Radiators .
Naihaa is an Indian retailer of women and children's wear and wardrobe store based in the city of Chennai .
Joseph Patrick Michael ""Joe"" Leydon and a contributing critic for Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide .
Russia has participated in 10 FIFA World Cups, 7 of which were as the Soviet Union .
Banque Hottinger & Cie SA, is a Swiss private bank headquartered in Zurich that is the successors of the banking firm established in Paris by Hans-Konrad Hottinger .
The Duchy of Saxe-Zeitz was a territory of the Holy Roman Empire of German Nation from 1656/57 to 1718 .
Cinco Puntos Press, established in 1985, is an independent book publishing company located in El Paso, Texas .
Penang is a state in Malaysia and the name of its constituent island, located on the northwest coast of Peninsular Malaysia by the Strait of Malacca .
Thessaloniki declared Thessaloniki as the best mid-sized European city of the future for human capital and lifestyle .
Leonardo da Silva Moura also known as Leonardo Moura is a Brazilian right back .
Internet Security Alliance , a federation of trade associations, and Carnegie Mellon University's CyLab, focussing on cyber security .
Paul Vinitsky is a Russian electronic dance music trance and progressive DJ & producer .
Toluca [toˈluka], officially called Toluca de Lerdo [toˈluka ðe ˈlerðo], is the state capital of Mexico State as well as the seat of the Municipality of Toluca .
Francis Joseph ""Chiz"" Guevara Escudero is a member of the Philippine Senate since 2007 .
Andriy Oleksandrovych Dykan is a Ukrainian international football goalkeeper currently playing for Russian side FC Krasnodar .
Jind State or Jhind State was a princely state of India during the British Raj until India's independence in 1947 .
Osroene, also spelled Osrohene and Osrhoene , was a historical kingdom located in upper Mesopotamia, which enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 BC to AD 244 .
Nicholas Samra is the eparch of the Melkite Catholic Eparchy of Newton in the United States, elected in 2011 .
The Republic of Saugeais is a long-lived self-proclaimed micronation located in eastern France, in the département of Doubs .
Iran have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on four occasions in 1978, 1998, 2006 and 2014 .
Dubai Bank Kenya , whose complete name is Dubai Bank Kenya Limited, but is often referred to as Dubai Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Gary McCausland , is a Chartered Property Surveyor, property developer/investor, author and former television presenter .
KwaZulu-Natal ; Anton Lembede, the founding president of the ANC Youth League; Jacob Zuma, the current President of South Africa; and Bhambatha, a 19th-century Zulu chief who became an anti-apartheid icon .
Amir Ali Sadollah Octagon since the beginning of his MMA career, making him one of the few fighters who have done so .
Standard Chartered Kenya, whose official name is Standard Chartered Bank Limited, but is sometimes referred to as Stanchart Kenya, is a commercial bank in Kenya .
Mauretania Tingitana was a Roman province located in northwestern Africa, coinciding roughly with the northern part of present-day Morocco and Spanish cities of Ceuta and Melilla .
Ryo Saito , is a Japanese professional wrestler, also known by the ring name Ryo ""Jimmy"" Saito .
The Council of Australian University Librarians is a representation body for Australia's thirty-nine university librarians .
Rachel Barrell is a British stage performer and singer known best for playing Christine in the West End production of The Phantom of the Opera from September 2004 until October 2006 .
Sussex was a Saxon colony and later independent kingdom of the Saxons, on the south coast of England .
In Greek mythology, Pandorus was a son of Erichthonius II of Athens and Praxithea .
The theme of Iberia and later aggrandized at the expense of several Armenian kingdoms acquired by the Byzantines in a piecemeal fashion in the course of the 11th century .
Valentin Schiedermair, born 28 October 1963 in Frankfurt/Main, Germany is a German concert pianist who lives in London .
The Bank of Holland is a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured banking corporation that was founded and is headquartered in the town of Holland, New York .
Psichogios Publications is a Greek publishing company known for publishing fiction books for children and adults, mainly in Greece and Cyprus .
The Gharm Oblast was an oblast in the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic in the Soviet Union from the 1920s to 1955 .
Paul Vincent Le Claire was a member of the States of Jersey from 1999 to 2011 .
The Kingdom of England was a country on the island of Great Britain from the 10th century, when it emerged following the unification of various Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, until 1707, when it united with Scotland to form a unified Kingdom of Great Britain .
Havok is an Irish computer software company that provides interactive software and services for digital media creators in the video game and movie industries .
Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory is an international franchisor, confectionery manufacturer and retail operator in the United States, Canada, Japan and the United Arab Emirates .
Qi, formerly romanized as Ch'i or Chi, was an ancient Chinese state during the Zhou dynasty of ancient China .
Gogii Games is a Canadian video game developer and publisher headquartered in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada .
Akkalkot State during the British Raj, was a Maratha princely state ruled by the Bhonsle dynasty .
Banda Aceh or Banda Acèh is the capital and largest city in the province of Aceh, Indonesia .
The Principality of Khachen principalities maintained Armenian autonomy in the region throughout the Persian-Ottoman Wars .
Jianlibao Group is a soft drink producer based in Foshan, Guangdong, China which was established in 1984 .
The OneRez Network is the only database of small and disadvantaged businesses compliance for Federal agencies and Federal contractors .
Adam de la Cour scores the first of which entitled The Real Imaginary Framed Existence of Ringhead and Loon, was performed by Adam de la Cour, Michael Finnissy and Alan Witts and is available for download online .
Aviva India is an Indian life assurance company, and a joint venture between Aviva plc, a British assurance company, and Dabur Group, an Indian conglomerate .
The Komi Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union .
Eleanor Joanne Daley, or simply Eleanor Daley, as she is more widely known and publicized, is a Canadian composer of choral and church music, a church choirmaster, choral clinician and accompanist .
The Taifa of Tavira was a medieval taifa kingdom in what is now southern Portugal which existed only from around 1146 to 1150 .
Kamov is a Russian rotorcraft manufacturing company, founded by Nikolai Ilyich Kamov, who started building his first rotary-winged aircraft in 1929, together with N .
LRG Capital Group is a global investment, banking and advisory boutique that focuses on public and private companies in the technology, life sciences, hospitality, real estate and entertainment sectors .
Cention Group Ltd is a privately held contact centre software supplier, which specialises on enterprise solutionsfor on-line channels like e-mail, sms, chat and smart site search solutions .
Norfund is a private equity company established by the Norwegian Storting was presented by the Office of the Auditor General .
In chemistry, delocalized electrons are electrons in a molecule, ion or solid metal that are not associated with a single atom or one covalent bond .
Jaus Records is an independent record label and recording studio from Oviedo, Asturias, Spain, created on 2002 exclusively to record and support the works by Spanish power metal band WarCry .
Brian Borcherdt is a Canadian musician who has been both a solo artist and a member of Burnt Black, Trephines, Hot Carl Loves The Ladies, By Divine Right, Holy Fuck, Lids, and Dusted .
Jennifer Şebnem Macide Simone Schaefer , is a German fashion model, actress and TV presenter .
The Chota Nagpur States were a group of princely states at the time of British India, located on the Chhota Nagpur Plateau in the present-day Indian states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, and Orissa .
Réunion and an integral part of the Republic with the same status as those situated on the European mainland .
The Vilayet of Konya of the Ottoman Empire in Asia Minor which included the whole, or parts of, the ancient regions of Pamphylia, Pisidia, Phrygia, Lycaonia, Cilicia and Cappadocia .
The Beylik of Tunis was founded on July 15, 1705, after the Husainid Dynasty led by Al-Husayn I ibn Ali at-Turki defeated the Turkish Deys .
Stephen 'Stevo' George is one of the founding members and former drummer of the American industrial band Ministry .
Nventa Biopharmaceuticals Corporation was a Canadian incorporated biopharmaceutical company headquartered in San Diego, California developing therapeutics for the treatment of viral infections and cancer, focusing on diseases caused by human papillomavirus technology to target the over 20 million Americans already infected with HPV .
Hojat Chaharmahali is an Iranian football player who plays for the Iran Pro League club Esteghlal Khuzestan .
Metropolitan Brewing is a brewery located in Chicago, Illinois that was founded in 2008 by husband and wife team Doug Hurst and Tracy Hurst .
Emilio Butragueño Santos and as many European Championships, scoring 26 international goals for his country for a record that stood several years .
Hotlist is a geo-social networking aggregator that enables users to coordinate plans with friends and discover what will be happening at millions of popular venues all over the world .
Christopher Charles Humphrey is a Jamaican professional footballer who plays as a winger for Preston North End and the Jamaica national team .
Tony Tripoli is an American actor, host, comedian and LGBT rights activist from Los Angeles, California .
Document primarily translated from Japanese Wiki PageFujimitsu Corporation is a manufacturer of fish surimi products based in the city of Nagato, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan .
Ferdinando Vitofrancesco is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Cittadella .
The Pararaton, also known as the Book of Kings, is a manuscript in the Kawi language .
DFDS Seaways is a large Danish shipping company operating passenger and freight services across Northern Europe .
The Armenian Oblast or Armenian Province of the Russian Empire that existed from 1828 to 1840 .
The Center for Responsible Lending is a nonprofit organization non-partisan research and policy group based in Durham, North Carolina and with offices in Washington DC and Oakland, Calif .
Davide Facchin is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Pavia .
Hagåtña , formerly English Agana and in Spanish Agaña, is the capital of the United States territory of Guam .
Gary Knight is a British photographer, architect and co-founder of the VII Photo Agency and Director of the Program for Narrative & Documentary Practice, a program of the Institute for Global Leadership at Tufts University in the USA .
The Kingdom of Artsakh by the Ilkhanid ruler Arghun, but continued to rule Artsakh as a principality, which from the 16th century comprised five Armenian melikdoms and lasted until the early 19th century .
Rachel Leigh Mathson is a beauty queen from Thief River Falls, Minnesota who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The Viper Label is an independent record label from Liverpool, England and was founded in 1999 by musicians Mike Badger and Paul Hemmings both former members of The La's and The Onset .
Beyliks of Canik is a name given to a group of small Turkmen principalities in northern Anatolia during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries .
The Kingdom of Bamum was a pre-colonial West African state in what is now northwest Cameroon .
Jonathan Paul Clayden is a Professor of organic chemistry at the University of Manchester .
Brady Seals and Dan Seals and Johnny Duncan, the nephew of Troy Seals, and the husband of former BNA Records recording artist Lisa Stewart .
Lita Roza That Doggie in the Window?"" made her the first British solo singer to top the UK Singles Chart .
The Kingdom of Hungary was a monarchy in Central Europe that existed from the Middle Ages into the twentieth century .
The Duchy of Oldenburg — named after its capital, the town of Oldenburg — was a state in the north-west of present-day Germany .
Brahumdagh Khan Bugti is a prominent Baloch leader and founding chief of Baloch Republican Party .
Wellby Super Drug was a chain of 41 drug stores that operated in Maine and New Hampshire from 1973 until 1992 .
Sergei Nikolaievich Ignashevich is a Russian footballer who plays as a central defender for CSKA Moscow and the Russian national team .
The Tennessee Central Railway was founded in 1884 as the Nashville and Knoxville Railroad by Alexander S .
PacketVideo Corporation or PV is a San Diego-based company that produces software for wireless multimedia, including the display of video on mobile handsets .
Seafood City is a Filipino supermarket chain in the United States with branches in California, Hawaii, Nevada, and Washington .
Mieko's Fitness was a family-owned chain of co-ed fitness centers founded in Washington by Seiji and Mieko Hart .
Zane Lamprey is a comedian, actor, editor, producer, and writer for television and movies .
Richard Starr redirects here, not to be confused with Richard StarkeyRichard Dean Starr is an American entrepreneur, editor, and author of fiction and graphic novels whose work has featured characters including Hellboy, Zorro, The Phantom, Kolchak: The Night Stalker, The Avenger, The Green Hornet's Kato, and Wyatt Earp, among others .
San Juan is a census-designated place in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, United States .
Europestar were shown under the new respective names of Lotus L3 5-door and L3 4-door at the 2010 Beijing Auto Show .
Paul Schwinghammer is a bass angler in Minnesota who began his fishing career in 2006 with two top 20 finishes .
Sonu Nigam is an Indian singer whose songs have been featured mainly in Hindi and Kannada movies .
EC is a privately owned Maltese company which specialises in the teaching of the English Language as part of the language travel industry .
Graceba Total Communications was an American company that provided cable TV and broadband Internet service to Houston County, Alabama .
AC Propulsion is a San Dimas, California, USA company founded in 1992 by Alan Cocconi and Wally Rippel that specializes in alternating current-based drivetrain systems for electric vehicles .
Asphalt Tango Records is a Berlin-based record label specialising in Balkan Gypsy music and East European rock, psychedelic folk, cabaret and electronic music .
China Central Television or Chinese Central Television, commonly abbreviated as CCTV, is the predominant state television broadcaster in mainland China .
McBains Cooper is a consulting and design agency, specialising in property, infrastructure and construction, making them an interdisciplinary consultancy .
Zoom Vacations is a gay travel provider based in the Chicago, Illinois, United States specializing in high-end group travel for gay men and lesbians .
Lightyear Entertainment, headquartered in Sherman Oaks, California, is a distributor of independent motion pictures on DVD, Video On Demand, as well as a distributor of music and music videos on CD, DVD, and digital distribution .
Ascension Island is an isolated volcanic island in the equatorial waters of the South Atlantic Ocean, around 1,600 kilometres navigational system .
Kalar river, to the east of Kifri and to the west of Qasri Shirin and Sarpol Zahab in Kermanshah Province in east Kurdistan .
Luis Gerardo Garza Cisneros , better known as his stage name Chetes, is a Mexican rock musician, well known for being the leader of the influential Avanzada Regia rock bands Zurdok, Vaquero and eventually, his own solo career .
Daniel Freire Mendes, is a Brazilian football player who plays for Kalmar FF in the highest Swedish league Allsvenskan .
Theryl DeClouet , also known as House Man, is a soul/R&B singer, best known as the former lead vocalist for the musical group Galactic .
Jon Robyns is a British stage actor, who is perhaps best known for playing the roles of Princeton and Rod in Avenue Q the musical in London's West End .
The Western dialect of American English is a single regional English dialect that largely unites the entire western half of the United States, including California, Nevada, Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Colorado, and Wyoming .
Notker Wolf OSB is the current Abbot Primate of the Benedictine Confederation of the Order of Saint Benedict .
Laureate International Universities are the universities and colleges owned by Laureate Education, of Baltimore, Maryland, in the United States .
The Financial Services Forum is a non-partisan financial and economic policy organization comprising the CEOs of 18 of the largest and most diversified financial services institutions doing business in the United States .
In Greek mythology, Tenes or Tennes was the eponymous hero of the island of Tenedos .
Amanda Palmer is an Australian-English global media and film executive and international journalist, whose 18-year-career in film and media entertainment, content creation and entertainment platforms has spanned Australia, Britain, United States and the Middle East .
The Marin Theatre Company 3 nonprofit organization and professional regional theater located in Mill Valley, California .
Cynthia Henry Thielen is a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives representing District 50, the Kailua and Kaneohe Bay areas of Oahu County .
Chris Davis is a British singer and guitarist in Nottingham based shoegaze band Spotlight Kid, as well as a drummer with Six By Seven .
The Marca Hispanica , also known as Spanish March or March of Barcelona was a buffer zone beyond the former province of Septimania, created by Charlemagne in 795 as a defensive barrier between the Umayyad Moors of Al-Andalus, the Duchy of Gascony, the Duchy of Aquitaine and the Frankish Kingdom .
Danny Culloty is an American-born former athlete who played Gaelic football with Cork in the 1980s and 1990s .
Portuguese Angola or Portuguese West Africa are the common terms by which Angola is designated when referring to the historic period when it was a Portuguese overseas territory in southwestern Africa .
Stellaland, officially known as the Republic of Stellaland from 1883–1885, was a Boer republic located in an area of Bechuanaland, west of the Transvaal .
Kate Long, author of the number one bestselling novel The Bad Mother's Handbook lives in Whitchurch in Shropshire, UK .
The Kingdom of Thessalonica was a short-lived Crusader State founded after the Fourth Crusade over conquered Byzantine lands in Greek Macedonia and Thessaly .
World Radio Laboratories, WRL, was a major supplier of amateur radio equipment from the 1950s through the 1970s .
David Balsher , better known by his stage name Draztik, is a record producer, composer and rapper .
Katalyst Network is a company founded by Ashton Kutcher and Jason Goldberg, based in Los Angeles, California .
Miguel Ángel Moyà Rumbo is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid as a goalkeeper .
ALV Talent Circuit is a talent management company in the Philippines under the leadership of Arnold Vegafria .
The Generally Speaking Production Network is an online media production company founded by Cliff and Stephanie Ravenscraft on December 16, 2005 .
The Budlong Pickle Company is an American pickle company that makes and markets pickles from its own cucumbers .
The Tsugaru Railway Company , is a railway company that provides transportation services in western Aomori Prefecture, Japan .
Trevor Von Eeden is a comic book writer/artist known for his work on such books as Black Lightning, Batman, Green Arrow, Power Man and Iron Fist, and the biographical series The Original Johnson .
Francis Dickoh is a Ghanaian/Danish footballer, currently playing for FCM, a club he signed for on 30 January 2014 .
John Beasley is an American composer, pianist, producer, and arranger who has recorded and performed with musicians such as Miles Davis, Steely Dan, Chaka Khan, James Brown, Spice Girls, Dianne Reeves, Ry Cooder, Chick Corea and Sérgio Mendes, Freddie Hubbard, John Patitucci, Queen Latifah, and Ivan Lins .
Cloudkick was a cloud computing server management and monitoring software as a service based in San Francisco .
FusionOne[1] is a software company that provides synchronization products and solutions, primarily for mobile subscribers, to global carriers, content providers, and handset manufacturers .
Okinawa Actors School is a school in Ginowan, Okinawa which has another branch in Osaka .
The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty .
In Greek mythology, Stentor was a herald of the Greek forces during the Trojan War .
The Republic of Cabinda which had been present in Cabinda since the mid-1960s, sustaining an anti-colonial guerrilla that was rather more efficient than the one by FLEC .
The Adjar ASSR, Adzhar ASSR or Adjarian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union within the Georgian SSR, established on 16 July 1921 .
The Iran Heavy Diesel Manufacturing Company is an Iranian company manufacturing heavy diesel engines from 200 to 3500 kW for railway, marine and power generation purposes .
The Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic , also known as the Armenian SSR or Soviet Armenia, was one of the twelve original republics that made up the Soviet Union in December 1922 .
William Sanford ""Bill"" Nye and for his many subsequent appearances in popular media as a science educator .
CorVel Corporation is a provider of healthcare management services and solutions for workers' compensation, auto & liability, group health and disability insurance markets .
Family Bank Limited , commonly known as Family Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya the largest economy in the East African Community .
CNC World is a 24-hour global English-language news channel, launched on July 1, 2010 .
The Albanian Republic was the official name of Albania as enshrined in the Constitution of 1925 .
Tomohon is a city in North Sulawesi Province production, vegetable agriculture, as a center of Christian Ministry, and as a student town .
The Unknown Confederate Soldier Monument in Horse Cave is a monument between Horse Cave, Kentucky and Kentucky Down Under, off the main road between Horse Cave and I-65 on the Old Dixie Highway, in Hart County, Kentucky .
East Florida was a colony of Great Britain from 1763 to 1783 and province of Spanish Florida from 1783 to 1822 .
Aisa Senda , born November 8, 1982 in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, is a Japanese singer, actress, and television presenter .
In historiography, the Western Roman Empire consists of the western provinces of the Roman Empire at any one time during which they were administered by a separate independent Imperial court, coequal with led the Pope to unilaterally declare the Frankish King Charlemagne to be the successor of the Western Emperors in 800 .
Ulrich Daldrup is a former political leader and mayor of the German city of Aachen .
Faisal Agab Sido is a Sudanese football player who plays as an attacking midfielder and striker for Sudan national team and the Sudanese club Al-Merreikh .
Saint Aemilian is an Iberic saint, widely revered throughout Spain, who lived during the age of Visigothic rule .
Veronica Nunn who took her under his wing, and she became a first-call jazz singer in the Harlem and Greenwich Village jazz scene in New York .
Albert Dariusz Sosnowski is a Polish professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division .
Ali Pretty is a carnival designer, founding member and artistic director of Kinetika - a non-profit performing arts company .
Sipirok is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of South Tapanuli Regency .
George Tabb is a founding member and song writer in such punk bands as Roach Motel, Atoms for Peace , False Prophets, Letch Patrol, Gynocologists, Iron Prostate and Furious George .
Gogo Inc is a provider of in-flight broadband Internet service and other connectivity services for commercial and business aircraft, headquartered in Itasca, Illinois .
Levitt Bernstein is an architecture, landscape architecture and urban design practice established in 1968 by David Levitt and David Bernstein with studios in London and Manchester .
Guitarist Mario Parga, born in Lytham, Lancashire, England on 7 August 1969, came into the spotlight during the late 1980s when he began appearing in numerous guitar and rock magazines such as Guitar Player, Metal Hammer, Kerrang, Metal Forces and played a live guitar solo on MTV's 'Metal Hammer' show .
Carpet One Floor & Home is North America’s leading floor covering retailer, with 1,000 independently owned and operated locations in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand .
Pamela ""Pam"" Douglas is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful, portrayed by actress Alley Mills from December 1, 2006 to March 27, 2007, from November 27 to December 10, 2007, from March 7, 2008 to October 28, 2008 and again from December 26, 2008 to present .
Morrison Management Specialists, a member of the Compass Group, is a foodservice company providing food, nutrition and dining services to healthcare and senior living communities through its two operating divisions: Morrison Healthcare Food Services and Morrison Senior Living .
Florence is the capital city of the Italian region of Tuscany and of the province of Florence .
Baroda State was a princely state in present-day Gujarat, ruled by the Gaekwad dynasty of the Maratha Confederacy from its formation in 1721 until 1949 when it acceded to the newly formed Union of India .
Marino Giovanni Defendi is an Italian footballer who plays for Bari as a midfielder .
Joy Leftow, born in Washington Heights in New York City, is an American poet, fiction writer, and essayist .
UGG Australia is an American footwear company and is a division of the Deckers Outdoor Corporation .
The Treaty of Traverse des Sioux was a treaty signed on July 23, 1851, between the United States government and Sioux Indian bands in Minnesota Territory by which the Sioux ceded territory .
Toliara of the name was adopted in the 1970s, and reflects the orthography of the Malagasy language .
Sigma-Tau Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite, referred to as Sigma-Tau, emerges in 1957 from the entrepreneurial initiative of research chemist Claudio Cavazza .
Nicholas Peterson is a graduate of the California Institute of the Arts where he developed skills in stop-motion animation .
Marathon Asset Management is an investment manager focused on opportunistic investing in credit and fixed income markets globally .
Logan Thomas Clark is an American professional mixed martial artist who has fought for, and is undefeated, in the UFC and has also competed for the World Extreme Cagefighting and World Victory Road .
The Simpson Investment Company is a Pacific Northwest based company that specializes in production and manufacture of forest products .
DramaQueen is a Houston based English-language publisher of domestic, Japanese, Korean, and Taiwanese comics founded in 2005 .
Indraprastha Apollo Hospital is an Indian hospital owned by Apollo Hospital group, India's largest healthcare chain, and is the second largest hospital in Delhi .
McLaren Health Care Corporation is an integrated, managed care health care organization in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan .
Jason Tobin, credited in Chinese as To Jun Wai , is a British-Chinese film and television actor .
Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen was a German County of the House of Hohenlohe, located in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, around Ingelfingen .
Jaggi Vasudev, commonly known as Sadhguru, is an Indian yogi, mystic, philanthropist and author of over 100 titles in 8 different languages .
Bill McChesney is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 40 since 2007 .
The South Pacific Mandate in the Pacific Ocean which came under the administration of Japan after the defeat of the German Empire in World War I .
EcoSecurities is a business that sources and develops carbon credits and carbon offsets from greenhouse gas emission reduction projects throughout the world .
Avantgarde Music is an Italian record label, formed as a continuation of Obscure Plasma Records, focusing on black and doom metal artists .
Abel Womack is a dealer, designer, and service provider of material handling equipment that helps businesses move materials and organize their warehouses .
The First Eastern Turkestan Republic , was a short-lived breakaway would-be Islamic republic founded in 1933 .
Hagnias or Agnius was in Greek mythology the father of Tiphys, who was the pilot of the ship Argo, whence Tiphys is called Agniades .
Michael Antony Appleton is an English former professional footballer and the current manager of Oxford United .
Syclo, LLC , to handhelds, smartphones, and mobile computers for technicians and staff performing work away from a central office .
SplashDot is a Vancouver based, privately held company that provides online loyalty programs and interactive promotions using gamification techniques, and powered by their software platform, nCentive .
Norm Nielsen, Born February 17, 1934 in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is an American magician and business owner .
Educaedu is an online education directory where students can search for higher education programs around the world .
Inversiones Aguas Metropolitanas is the controlling holding of Aguas Andinas through a shareholding of 50 .
Devaragunda Venkappa Sadananda Gowda is an Indian politician who was the 20th Chief Minister of Karnataka and is currently the Minister of Law and Justice in the Government of India .
In Greek mythology, Pisidice was one of the following individuals: A daughter of Pelias, who, together with her sisters, killed their father, as Medea tricked them into believing this was needed to rejuvenate him .
The Jamestown settlement in the Colony of Virginia was the first permanent English settlement in the Americas .
Luitingh-Sijthoff is a publishing company based in the Netherlands that releases fiction and nonfiction books for the Dutch language market .
Alexander Ralston was one of two co-architects for the design of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana .
Tata Chemicals Limited is an Indian global company with interests in chemicals, crop nutrition and consumer products headquartered in Mumbai, India .
Kawakita Denki Kigyosha , hand dryers, dehumidifiers, and subterranean air blowers, under the Panasonic brand .
Guerrero , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Palatinate-Simmern-Kaiserslautern was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based in the Counties Palatine of Simmern and Kaiserslautern, and the Palatinian portion of the County of Sponheim in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Sirmur was an independent kingdom in India, founded in 1616, located in the region that is now the Sirmaur district of Himachal Pradesh .
The Learning & Performance Institute is a self-governing, not-for-profit professional body for training professionals .
The Khalistan movement is a political nationalism movement which seeks to create a separate Sikh country, called Khālistān are also active outside India, supported by a section of the Sikh diaspora .
The Manufacture d'armes de Saint-Étienne was a French state-owned manufacturing company located in the town of Saint-Étienne .
Busey Bank is the brand name of two banks owned by First Busey Corporation of Champaign, Illinois: Busey Bank, also headquartered in Champaign, Illinois; and Busey Bank N .
Mohammed Deif , born Mohammed Diab Ibrahim al-Masri, serves as the chief commander of Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the organization Hamas .
Rudolpho ""Rudy"" Jaramillo [ha-dah-MEE-yoh] graduated from Dallas' Sunset High School in 1970 and attended the University of Texas at Austin .
Leshi , is a town in Naga Hills of Sagaing Division on the northwest frontier of Burma .
The Armed Career Criminal Act of 1984 is a United States federal law that provides sentence enhancements for felons who commit crimes with firearms, if convicted of certain crimes three or more times .
Martin Koolhoven and was an enormous success at the box office, being the number one movie at Christmas 2008 in The Netherlands .
In Greek mythology, there were two women known as Philonoe :Daughter of King Tyndareus of Sparta and Leda .
The Ottawa Car Company was a builder of streetcars for the Canadian market and was founded in Ottawa, Ontario, in 1891 .
Rathbone Brothers Plc is one of the UK's largest and longest-established provider of personalised investment management and wealth management services for private investors and trustees .
Banner Records was a United States based dime store record label manufactured between 1922 and 1938 .
Mainzeal Property and Construction Ltd was one of the leading New Zealand property and construction companies until being placed into receivership on 6 February 2013 and then being placed into liquidation on 28 February 2013 .
ULPower Aero Engines is a Belgian company which manufactures engines specifically designed for light aircraft/rotorcraft use .
Mercedes-Benz India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG founded in 1994, with headquarters in Pune, Maharashtra, India .
Green Warriors of Norway is a Norwegian democratic member environmental organisation based in Bergen, with offices in Oslo and Tromsø .
Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Taqi Bahjat Foumani was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja born in late 1334 Hijra Calendar .
The United States Minor Outlying Islands, a statistical designation defined by the International Organization for Standardization's ISO 3166-1 code, consist of eight United States insular areas in the Pacific Ocean .
Rebecca McClanahan is a former Democratic Representative of the second district of the Missouri House of Representatives, including parts of Putnam, Sullivan, and Adair counties .
Hublot - - is a Swiss enterprise creating luxury watches and founded in 1980 by Italian Carlo Crocco .
Mohammad Ajman Miah FRSA , is a Bangladeshi-born British celebrity chef, owner of the award-winning Raj Restaurant and founder of International Indian Chef of the Year Competition .
Discos y Cintas Denver is an independent Mexican record label, known for their catalogue of underground Mexican rock music, among other less popular genres .
Greg Allen Theakston is an American comics artist and illustrator who has worked for numerous publishers .
United Orient Bank is an American Bank established to serve the Chinese-American community of New York City .
Riccardo Tisci have homed in on Tisci's conceptual leanings, as well as his future potential for revitalizing the Givenchy brand and infusing it with his precision and imagination .
For the moth genus, see Cilix , who accompanied his uncle Cadmus in his journey .
Outspoken Media Group is a New York City based entertainment and marketing company, founded and run by an African-American entrepreneur, Terry L .
Bangkok modernization during the later 19th century, as the country faced pressures from the West .
Amity Shlaes is an American author and newspaper and magazine columnist who writes about politics and economics from a conservative free market perspective .
Minsur is a Peru-based mining company engaged in the extraction, foundation and refining of tin and copper .
This is a list of the States of India ranked in order of percentage of people having a Body Mass Index lower than normal .
The Baltic states Baltic tribes formed the basis of what are today known as the Latvian language and Latvians .
The Arab Monetary Fund is a regional Arab organization, founded 1976, and operational from 1977 .
Beka Records was a record label based in Germany, active from about 1903 to 1925 .
Paul Agnew , Bach's St Markus Passion with Roy Goodman, Berlioz's L'enfance du Christ with Philippe Herreweghe, Handel's Solomon with Paul McCreesh, Bach's Christmas Oratorio with Philip Pickett and Rameau's Dardanus with Pinchgut Opera .
Surf City Squeeze is a chain of smoothie and restaurants, which is franchised by Kahala Brands of Scottsdale, Arizona .
Anna Kashfi is a British former film actress of disputed ethnic heritage who had a brief Hollywood career in the 1950s .
The Olayan Group , founded to work on the construction of the Trans-Arabian Pipeline alongside the American contracting company Bechtel .
In international relations, a middle power is a sovereign state that is not a superpower or a great power, but still has large or moderate influence and international recognition .
VascoDe Technologies is a company that develops software which enables simple mobile phones to access smart phone capabilities and applications .
Maelgwn Gwynedd , off the eastern tip of Anglesey, having died of the ""yellow plague"", quite probably the arrival of Justinian's Plague to Britain .
The Muli Princely State had an area of 133 square miles and contained nineteen villages in addition to Muli city .
Academy Music Studio is a professional recording studio located in Dewsbury, England which utilizes the latest digital recording technology and also traditional analogue equipment if required .
Amadito Valdés is a Cuban timbalero, best known for his work with Cuarteto Las d'Aida and Buena Vista Social Club .
Del Toro & Santana is a litigation-specialized boutique law firm based in San Juan, Puerto Rico serving national and local clients .
Leslie Scalapino , a long poem which won the Poetry Center Award, the Lawrence Lipton Prize, and the American Book Award .
RusLine business centre in Moscow, Russia, with the city's Domodedovo International Airport serving as most important base for the flights operations .
The Province of East Jersey, along with the Province of West Jersey, between 1674 and 1702 in accordance with the Quintipartite Deed were two distinct political divisions of the Province of New Jersey, which became the U .
Ioannina as well as several departments of the Τechnological Educational Institute of Epirus, the headquarters of which are located in Arta .
Natixis is a French corporate and investment bank created in November 2006 from the merger of the asset management and investment banking operations of Natexis Banque Populaire has acquired a majority stake in asset management start-up ‘Ossiam’ .
Afshar Beylik was a Turkish beylik It was founded by the Afshar tribe which was a Turkmen tribe with Kızılbaş faith .
Gyaman also spelled Jamang was a medieval African state of the Akan people, located in what is now Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire .
Iran in 224 AD, under which Iran again became one of the leading powers in the world along with the Byzantine Empire for the next four centuries .
Hadeland Glassverk is situated in Jevnaker, Oppland 40 km north of Oslo, at the southern tip of lake Randsfjorden .
Phase One Studios is a recording and mixing studio in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that opened in 1974 .
John Madden Towey and two seasons at The Public Theater in New York 1987-89, before moving to Los Angeles in 1990 .
Cyrus Nowrasteh is an American screenwriter and director of theatrical films, television shows, and made-for-TV movies .
Abbey Life plc was a leading life assurance business based in London also with an office in Bournemouth .
In Greek mythology, Deioneus is a name attributed to the following individuals:Son of Aeolus, king of Phocis, and father of Cephalus, Actor, Aenetus, Phylacus, Nisus and Asterodia .
Henrik Bødker is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for the Danish side Vejle Boldklub Kolding .
Ruth Culbertson Samuelson is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly, representing the 104th district in the North Carolina House of Representatives since 2007 .
The Center for Applied Genomics asthma, obesity, ADHD, autism, diabetes, inflammatory bowel disease, epilepsy, schizophrenia, and pediatric cancer, all of which are thought to involve multiple, interacting genes within the body .
Tipraland is the name of a proposed state in India, proposed by the Tipra people of Tripura .
Santo Domingo de los Tsáchilas is a province in the Republic of Ecuador, created in October 2007 from territory previously in the province of Pichincha .
Azure Dynamics Corporation is incorporated under the laws of Alberta, Canada having been spun out of BC Research Inc .
Eric Drysdale is a writer for The Colbert Report and The Daily Show on Comedy Central .
Ukhozi FM is a South African national radio station based in Durban, Kwa-Zulu Natal that caters to the needs of the Zulu-speaking community .
In Greek mythology the name Andraemon may refer to: Andraemon, son of Oxylus and husband of Dryope .
Formosa Province is a province in northeastern Argentina, part of the Gran Chaco Region .
HealthCentral is an American privately owned online health company, that was founded by an emergency room doctor in 1999 .
Worms ended with the Edict of Worms in which Martin Luther was declared a heretic .
Contemode, stylized in all lower case, was a Japanese record label founded by Yasutaka Nakata in 2003 .
Rocketdyne was an American rocket engine design and production company headquartered in Canoga Park, located in the western San Fernando Valley of suburban Los Angeles, in southern California .
Rajshri Entertainment Limited is a digital entertainment and new media arm of Rajshri Group .
Townsend Farmers' Mutual Fire Insurance Company is a Canadian insurance company, headquartered in rural Ontario .
Konstantinos Nebegleras is a Greek defensive midfielder playing for AEL in the Greek Football League .
Azogues is known for its Panama hat industry; the hats are produced primarily for export .
The Bigshoes Foundation is a non-governmental organization based in Johannesburg, which serves the needs of children in South Africa affected by HIV/AIDS .
Uprok Records was a record label created in 1999 under the parent company Tooth & Nail Records, with a focus on distributing Christian hip-hop artists .
Frederik George Rees Cuming RA, normally known as Fred Cuming, , is a contemporary British landscape painter, who works in a traditional manner .
The Aircraft Manufacturing Company Limited was a British aircraft manufacturer operating from 1912 to 1920 .
Marco Rodriguez-Diaz, better known by his stage name Infamous or DJ Infamous, is an American Grammy Award winning record producer and 3 time world champion DJ from Miami, Florida .
The Icelandic Commonwealth, Icelandic Free State, or Republic of Iceland was the state existing in Iceland between the establishment of the Althing in 930 and the pledge of fealty to the Norwegian king with the Old Covenant in 1262 .
Magnor Glassworks is a glass company located in Eidskog, in Hedmark county, Norway .
The Taifa of Mértola was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southeastern Portugal for three distinct periods: from 1033 to 1044, from 1144 to 1145 and from 1146 to 1151 .
Scott Yaphe is a Canadian actor and comedian best known as a cast member of the YTV variety show It's Alive! .
Jon Schnepp is an American producer, director, voice actor, editor, writer, cartoonist, animator, and cinematographer whose company, Schneppzone, works on short films and television shows .
Gunungsitoli is the capital city of Nias Regency, North Sumatra province, Indonesia, but is also an independent municipality within the province .
Minicom Advanced Systems is an information technology manufacturer of KVM switches, extenders and remote access management solutions that facilitate control of corporate IT environments .
Gene Tools, LLC is a limited liability company located in Philomath, Oregon, United States that manufactures Morpholino antisense oligos and delivery reagents .
Royal Wessanen nv is a multinational food company with a focus on organic, founded and headquartered in the Netherlands .
Dame Wendy Margaret Hiller DBE was an English film and stage actress, who enjoyed a varied acting career that spanned nearly sixty years .
Mobify is a mobile e-commerce platform that helps enterprise retailers optimize their websites for conversion on smartphones and tablets .
Michael Monroe ""Mike"" Merritt is an American bassist best known for playing with the Conan O'Brien house bands: The Max Weinberg 7 on Late Night with Conan O'Brien in New York, Max Weinberg and The Tonight Show Band on The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien in Los Angeles, and currently The Basic Cable Band on Conan also in Los Angeles .
Paul Gerard Lynch MP, an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Liverpool since 1995 for the Australian Labor Party .
Radhanpur is a town and a municipality in Patan district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
The Economist Intelligence Unit is an independent business within The Economist Group providing forecasting and advisory services through research and analysis, such as monthly country reports, five-year country economic forecasts, country risk service reports, and industry reports .
The Kingdom of Bavaria was a German state that existed from 1806 to 1918 .
The Toronto Electric Light Company was an early electricity supplier in Toronto, founded and presided over by John Joseph Wright , replacing the oil and kerosene lamps in the old city of Toronto on King, Queen and Yonge Streets .
Black Bear Diner is a restaurant chain in the western United States which serves homestyle and ""old-fashioned"" comfort foods .
The Donric Group is an Australian owner of bus and coach companies in Victoria and Queensland .
Hideki Isoda at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music, The University of Sydney 2007-2013, and is currently on the faculty at the Sookmyung Women's University in Seoul, South Korea .
Channel Zero is an independent Canadian broadcasting and media group, which holds assets in television broadcasting and film distribution .
Stephen Sphincter was an early Gwar character, played by Ron Curry, who recorded six albums on SST Records with Hotel X .
Avenda Systems is a Silicon Valley start-up, that develops network access security products with operations in Santa Clara, California, USA and Bangalore, India .
JobServe Ltd is a privately held company headquartered in Tiptree, Essex, United Kingdom, which runs an employment website .
Hanga Roa is the main town, harbour and capital of the Chilean province of Easter Island .
Cheung Hing International Electrical Products Ltd is a home appliance manufacturer from Hong Kong with over 35 year’s history .
Lawrence Romorini is an artist specializing in 3-dimensional artwork for company, association and hospital anniversaries and for executive retirements to commemorate history, leadership and accomplishments .
Benjamin Montmorency ""Benmont"" Tench III is an American keyboardist best known as a founding member of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .
Mxi Technologies provides aviation maintenance management software for the commercial, Maintenance Repair and Overhaul , and defense aviation markets .
Bars Media Documentary Film Studio was established in 1993 by Vardan Hovhannisyan, who began his career as a frontline filmmaker covering hotspots in the former Soviet Union .
Nguyễn Thị Ngọc Khánh was crowned the 6th Miss Vietnam on November 1, 1998 at sporting event hall Phan Đình Phùng, Hồ Chí Minh city, when she was a student at Law University, Ho Chi Minh city .
Off the Ball is a radio show broadcast twice a week on Saturdays on BBC Radio Scotland .
The French Fourth Republic was the republican government of France between 1946 and 1958, governed by the fourth republican constitution .
Aeroframe Services, LLC is a privately owned airplane service company specializing in MRO for large commercial transport aircraft .
The Dikwa Emirate is one of the successor states to the old Bornu Empire, a traditional state within Borno State, Nigeria .
Kyauktaw is a town in the north Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
Alexander Tucker is an English musician from Kent who writes, records and performs alone and in collaboration with a varied array of artists .
Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation is a state owned corporation for passenger transport providing bus services both within state of Gujarat, India and neighbouring states .
Austal is an Australian based global ship building company and defense prime contractor that specialises in the design, construction and support of defense and commercial vessels .
Ivano Alberto Fossati is an Italian pop singer-songwriter, guitarist, pianist, and percussionist born in Genoa .
The Klaipėda Region , situated between the river and the town of that name, was occupied by Lithuania in the ""Klaipėda Revolt"" of 1923 .
Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal was an eminent German jurist and the son of Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal .
Bob Shaw, born Robert Shaw, was a science fiction author and fan from Northern Ireland, noted for his originality and wit .
Apostolos ""Lakis"" Lazopoulos in November 2004 makes Lakis Lazopoulos the first actor in Greek television history to host his own weekly show .
The Confederate Monument in Crab Orchard in Lincoln County, Kentucky, near Crab Orchard, Kentucky, commemorates the fallen Confederate soldiers of nearby states .
Gary Stephen Smith is a professional footballer who is unattached after he was released by Darlington at the end of the 2010–11 season He has also played for Middlesbrough and Milton Keynes Dons and Brentford where he was released by at the end of an injury struck 2008–09 season .
Tswanaland was a bantustan in South West Africa , in the far central eastern area of the territory around the village of Aminuis .
Maine is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States, bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east and south; New Hampshire to the west; and the Canadian provinces of Quebec to the northwest and New Brunswick to the northeast .
Kingdom of Cochin had married the sister of the last Later Chera king, Rama Varma Kulashekhara, and as a consequence obtained Mahodayapuram, and Thiruvanchikkulam Temple along with numerous other rights, such as that of the Mamankam festival .
Kerala State Financial Enterprises Limited is a public sector non-banking financial company based in Thrissur city, Kerala, India .
Elektroprivreda Srbije is the state-owned electric utility power company with headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia .
Gary Stephen Birch is a retired footballer and Manager who played as a striker .
Kate Quarrie is a Canadian politician who served as the second female mayor of Guelph, Ontario from 2003 to 2006 .
Ceri James is a singer-songwriter, record producer, session musician and one half of the pop group The Mountaineers .
Outright Distribution is a global TV distribution company headquartered in London and part of the Shed Media Group .
Christopher James Hardman , more commonly known by his stage name Lil' Chris, is an English singer-songwriter, actor and television personality .
Charles Andrew ""Andy"" Stanley is the senior pastor of North Point Community Church, Buckhead Church, Browns Bridge Church, Gwinnett Church, Watermarke Church and Decatur City Church .
Naissance Capital is a Swiss Investment Boutique that finds or creates niche investment opportunities offering exceptional prospects for capital appreciation .
Ross Anderson is a FIS World Cup/Professional alpine Skier as well as Native American speed skier .
Seborga is a small town in the region of Liguria in northwest Italy, near the French border .
The member states of the African Union are the 54 sovereign states that have ratified or acceded to the Constitutive Act of the African Union to become member states to the African Union .
Bill Urale , known by his stage name King Kapisi, is a New Zealand hip hop recording artist .
Andrew ""Drew"" Curtis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Bobby Morley .
Proview International Holdings is a Chinese manufacturer of computer monitors and other media devices .
The Film Music Guild is a student organization at Biola University in La Mirada, CA .
Az Zubayr or Zubair, is a town in Basra Governorate in Iraq, just south of Basra .
CableU is an online subscription-based service that monitors and analyzes cable network performance and programming trends .
Charles Whiting , was a British writer and military historian and with some 350 books of fiction and non-fiction to his credit, under his own name and a variety of pseudonyms including Duncan Harding, John Kerrigan, Klaus Konrad and Leo Kessler .
Patricia Labee is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in Rotterdam .
Arawa was the capital and largest town in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea .
Kurundwad is a small town on the banks of the Panchganga river in Kolhapur district; it lies in the southern part of the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Tan Sri Nor Mohamed Yakcop is the Malaysian Minister in the Prime Minister's Department, in charge of Economic Planning Unit .
John Rigby & Company, is the third oldest gunmakers in the world, founded by John Rigby in 1775 Dublin .
ABBYY is an international software company that provides optical character recognition, document capture and language software for both PC and mobile devices .
Max Franken is the drummer of Minimal Compact, a rock band that achieved success in Europe in the 1980s .
Langhkö, Langkho, Langkhoi, or Linkai is a town and seat of Langkho Township and Langkho District, in the Shan State of eastern Burma .
Matthew Manuel Tavares is an American author and illustrator of picture books for children .
Kotharia is a town in Rajkot district of Gujarat, which was a small princely state off-shoot of the Rajkot state in the Saurashtra region of Gujarat, part of the Bombay Presidency during British Raj .
Churchkey Can Company is a brewery founded in 2012 by actor Adrian Grenier and former Nike designer Justin Hawkins in Seattle, USA .
Virgin Oceanic is an undersea leisure venture of Newport Beach, CA businessman Chris Welsh and Sir Richard Branson, part of Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group .
Dampier Salt is an Australian salt company located in Western Australia, with operations in Dampier, Port Hedland, and Lake MacLeod, with headquarters in Perth .
Clayton Counts is an American musician and composer, a former DJ, and one half of the experimental band Bull of Heaven .
Andria Gayle Mullins is a beauty queen, model and actress from Texas who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
Wahidi Bir Ali , was one of several Wahidi states in the British Aden Protectorate and the Protectorate of South Arabia .
The Waialua Sugar Mill is a historical sugar refinery located at the base of the Waiʻanae Mountains in the town of Waialua on the Hawaiian island of Oahu .
DJ Smallz is an American hip-hop DJ, known for his Southern Smoke mixtapes as well as his weekly show on Sirius Satellite Radio and DISH Network, Southern Smoke Radio .
Letitia Baldrige was an American etiquette expert and public relations executive who was most famous for serving as Jacqueline Kennedy's Social Secretary .
Emami Limited is an Indian producer of fast moving consumer goods , such as cosmetics and health and baby products .
The Merina Kingdom west at Antananarivo, currently the seat of government for the modern democratic state of Madagascar .
Steve England is a radio producer and former radio disc-jockey, and at present runs a jingle production company in Leek, Staffordshire, which was established in 1997 .
Anton Olehovych Kanibolotskyi is a Ukrainian goalkeeper who plays for the club Shakhtar Donetsk .
AC Lens is a privately held company based in Columbus, Ohio that sells contact lenses, eyeglasses and vision care products online .
Charlie Adams is an American drummer, percussionist, drum engineer, composer, music producer, and film producer .
Rao Gopal Rao was an Indian film, Character actor and producer, known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema .
ESCO Corporation is a manufacturer of engineered metal wearparts and components for industrial applications – including mining and construction .
Thorvald Asvaldsson was the father of the colonizer of Greenland, Erik the Red, and grandfather of Leif Ericson, who visited North America centuries before Christopher Columbus .
Macapá is a city in Brazil and the capital of Amapá state in the country's North Region .
Uíge is a provincial capital city in northwestern Angola located in the province of the same name .
Saraikela State, also spelt Seraikela, Saraikella or Seraikella, was a princely state in India during the era of the British Raj .
Historic Denbighshire is one of thirteen traditional counties in Wales, a vice-county and a former administrative county, which covers an area in north east Wales .
Antal Zalai , the Concert Hall of the Royal Conservatory of Brussels and the Chan Centre for the Performing Arts in Vancouver among others .
FreeLife International is a multi-level marketing company established in 1995 by Ray Faltinsky and Kevin Fournier that supplies nutritional supplements .
The English Stone Forum is an organisation which supports the use of building stone, or dimension stone, produced in England .
Óscar Sielva Moreno is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Olot as a defensive midfielder .
Finspreads is an online financial spread betting firm that offers customers access to various instruments on the world’s financial markets through online and mobile trading platforms .
Silvia Navarro is a Mexican actress of film, television, and theatre, primarily known for starring in several telenovelas .
Tactics is a Japanese visual novel studio which specializes in the development of dating sim and eroge style games .
Hasan Cihat Örter Hasan Cihat Orter is one of the new generation musicians who are concerned with liberating modern Turkish music .
Sticker art is a form of street art in which an image or message is publicly displayed using stickers .
SmarterGrade is an all-in-one teacher gradebook solution that lets you manage every class and student that you teach, in one place .
kawamura-ganjavian, also known as studio kg, is an architecture and design studio based in Madrid, Spain + Lausanne Switzerland .
Vincenzo Ciurciu is an American football linebacker that is currently a National Football League free agent .
Don Mancuso is an American rock music guitarist and songwriter best known for his role as the guitarist/co-writer for the rock band Black Sheep as well as The Lou Gramm Band and The Voice of Foreigner .
The Captaincy of São Vicente was a land grant and colonial administration in the far southern part of the colonial Portuguese Empire in Colonial Brazil .
Silda Alice Wall has worked in the private, non-profit and public sectors as she has sought to advance the New York economy and promote progress on green education, and human rights and women's financial and other empowerment .
Singapore Technologies Aerospace is a subsidiary of ST Engineering headquartered in Singapore, with international offices and facilities located in key aviation hubs in Asia Pacific, Europe and the US .
Mahan was a loose confederacy of statelets that existed from around the 1st century BC to 3rd century AD in the southern Korean peninsula in the Chungcheong and Jeolla provinces .
Chris Volz is an American alternative metal songwriter who is best known as the lead vocalist of the band Flaw and former lead vocalist of Five Bolt Main .
Nedgame is a video game retailer in the Netherlands, and is with 11 stores the biggest privately owned video game retailer in the Netherlands .
Princemarch is a fictional princedom in Melanie Rawn's fantasy novels of the Dragon Prince and Dragon Star trilogies .
Magica De Spell is a fictional character of the Scrooge McDuck universe, a sorceress created by Carl Barks .
Ben Westbeech is a British DJ and producer originating from Hertfordshire who spent his formative musical years in Bristol, though he currently lives in Amsterdam .
AviaAM Leasing is a WSE listed global aviation holding company engaged in commercial aircraft acquisition, leasing and sales .
AJS was the name used for cars and motorcycles made by the Wolverhampton, England, company A .
Jessie Ward, sometimes credited as Jessica Ward, is an American actress who is featured on the MyNetwork TV telenovelas: Desire and Wicked Wicked Games .
Krohn Air AS was a virtual, regional airline whose primary route was between Molde Airport, Årø to Trondheim Airport, Værnes in Norway .
Wadhwan is a city and a municipality in Surendranagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
The Principality of Murom was a medieval Rus' lordship based on the city of Murom, now in Vladimir Oblast, Russia .
S-TEC Corporation is a United States corporation originally founded in 1978 and headquartered in Mineral Wells, Texas manufacturing flight control systems for the General Aviation aftermarket as well as a number of original equipment manufacturers .
IDEX Corporation, based in Lake Forest, Illinois, is a publicly traded company engaged in the development, design, and manufacture of fluidics systems and specialty engineered products .
The Camp Beauregard Memorial, outside Water Valley, Kentucky on Kentucky state road 2422 northeast of town, marks the site of Camp Beauregard during the American Civil War .
Junagadh About this sound pronunciation ,"" referring to the ancient inhabitants of the city under the Indo-Greek Kingdom .
The Obong Okon Ita kingdom was an Ibibio nation with its seat of government in Obot Okon Ita .
Tobias Grahn is a Swedish professional football midfielder who currently plays for Danish club Gentofte-Vangede IF .
Noventi Ventures is a venture capital firm founded in 2002 by Giacomo Marini and it was previously known as CIR Ventures .
Jamestown is the capital and historic chief settlement of the island of Saint Helena, in the South Atlantic Ocean .
Sami Swoi is a brand name of one of pay-as-you-go services offered by a Polish GSM/UMTS provider - Polkomtel .
Benedict John Francis is an award-winning stage actor and director based in Winchester, UK .
Geoff Leigh is an English jazz and progressive rock musician, playing primarily soprano sax and flute .
The shadow banking system is a term for the collection of non-bank financial intermediaries that provide services similar to traditional commercial banks .
FOX Crime is an Asian entertainment TV channel, owned and produced by Fox International Channels, and distributed by STAR TV .
The Napoli-Portici was the first Italian railway line; it was built by the Bayard Company and opened in 1839 .
Alistair Macdonald ""Zal"" Cleminson is a Scottish guitarist, best known for his prominent role in The Sensational Alex Harvey Band during 1972-78 .
Jack McIver Weatherford is the former DeWitt Wallace Professor of anthropology at Macalester College in Minnesota .
Eddie Galan is a Los Angeles born singer/musician, songwriter, record producer, music manager and acting manager .
Robert Foster Charles Conners , known professionally as Bob Conners, was an American radio personality on Columbus, Ohio's AM radio station 610 WTVN .
Sikasso is a city in the south of Mali and the capital of the Sikasso Cercle and the Sikasso Region .
TechArt Automobildesign GmbH is a German automobile tuner specialized in existing Porsches, for which they offer extensive tuning packages .
Tin Star is a chain of fast casual restaurants with a menu that features a selection of Tex-Mex and Southwestern entrees, salads and appetizers .
Kainos Software is a privately held software company headquartered in Belfast, Northern Ireland that develops information technology solutions for businesses and organisations particularly in the public, healthcare and financial services sectors .
Marchione Guitars of Houston, Texas, is a manufacturer of stringed instruments, such as acoustic and electric guitars, fretless bass guitars, and violins .
Linda Carlsson , better known by her stage name Miss Li, is a Swedish singer and songwriter .
Madhouse Records is a record label founded by Dave Kelly and his business partner Janet Davidson .
Johnson Matthey Battery Systems, part of the Johnson Matthey group and formerly called Axeon, designs and manufactures advanced lithium-ion battery systems for electric vehicles and processes over 70 million cells per year .
Aspria Holdings BV is the owner and operator of a collection of seven premium spa, sport, health and family clubs, hotels and day spas in Europe .
Washington-on-the-Brazos is an unincorporated area along the Brazos River in Washington County, Texas, United States .
Paul Cotton is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter, most notable as a member of the band Poco and as the writer of the international hit song from that band, ""The Heart of the Night"" .
The Emirate of Granada , was an emirate established in 1238 following the defeat of Muhammad an-Nasir of the Almohad dynasty by an alliance of Christian kingdoms at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa in 1212 .
Jujuy is a province of Argentina, located in the extreme northwest of the country, at the borders with Chile and Bolivia .
Sturm Foods is a subsidiary company that manufactures dry groceries under private label brands and distributes them to the foodservice industry and grocery suppliers throughout the world .
Dennis Rollins , and drums; this band performed a series of live gigs throughout the U .
Celestial Tiger Entertainment is a diversified media company based in Hong Kong that operates pay television entertainment channels in Asia and overseas Lions Gate Entertainment distribution rights in Greater China and Southeast Asia .
Justin Somper is the British author of the Vampirates and the Allies & Assassins children's novel series .
Tiffany Williams is an American hurdler who is a former double US 400m Hurdles Champion in 2007 and 2008 .
Bancolombia is the largest commercial bank in Colombia and one of the largest in Latin America .
Aquapac is a registered trademark and brand name of a UK-based manufacturing company, Aquapac International Limited, specializing in waterproof cases and bags .
Psyche Industry Records was the leading alternative, punk and hardcore independent record label in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in the beginning of the 80's .
Professor Sir Kenneth Octavius Hall ON, GCMG, OJ was Governor-General of Jamaica from 16 February 2006 to 26 February 2009 .
The Latham Confederate Monument in Hopkinsville, Kentucky's Riverside Cemetery, is a monument on the National Register of Historic Places .
Devon Werkheiser is an American actor, voice actor, singer-songwriter and musician, best known for his starring role as Ned Bigby on the Nickelodeon sitcom Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide and for his role in the 2007 TV Movie Shredderman Rules, as the lead character Nolan Byrd .
Nabha State, with its capital at Nabha, was one of the Phulkian princely states of Punjab during the British Raj in India .
Regierungsbezirk Gumbinnen was a Regierungsbezirk, or government region, of the Prussian province of East Prussia from 1815 until 1945 .
The Royal Porcelain Factory in Berlin did not enter production until after the war, as was also thecase with the Arkadia table set .
Marondera , beef, and dairy products until the seizure of white-owned farms and redistribution of land began in 2000 .
The Confederate Monument in Paducah, located northwest of downtown Paducah, Kentucky is a historic monument located in Paducah's Oak Grove Cemetery .
Altegrity Risk International , a firm that has performed over 65,000 due diligence reviews and investigations in more than 150 countries .
Railinc Corporation provides rail data, IT and information technology services to the North American freight railway industry .
Holland Car PLC was an Ethiopian CKD automobile assembler with official head offices in the Getu Commercial Center and the TK International Building in Addis Ababa .
Garhi-Malhara is a town and a nagar panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India .
The Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands administered by the United States from 1947 to 1986 .
The Dutch East Indies , which was ceded to Indonesia in 1963 under the provisions of the New York Agreement .
UNIVAC is the name of a line of electronic digital stored-program computers starting with the products of the Eckert-Mauchly Computer Corporation .
Pechengskoye Rural Community of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1861–1866 .
Dave Malone born August 29, 1952 in New Orleans, Louisiana is best known as the guitarist 3 years together .
John Andrew Roth, a Canadian, was the chief executive officer and chairman of Nortel Networks between 1997-2001, He was called ""the most successful businessman in modern Canadian history"" by Time magazine and named Canada’s CEO of the Year by a Bay Street panel in the fall of 2000 .
Admiral Yener Karahanoğlu , and the Commander of the Surface Action Group for two years each successively .
Premier Studios is a full-service marketing and communications firm established in 1988 and located in Lenexa, Kansas .
Sri Lanka , Sri Lanka has maritime borders with India to the northwest and the Maldives to the southwest .
Ubisoft Quebec is Canadian video game developer Ubisoft's North American studio located in Quebec City, Quebec .
The AMK Group is a large mini coach and executive vehicle hire operator based in Liphook, Hampshire .
Standard Oil of Ohio or Sohio was an American oil company that was acquired by British Petroleum, now called BP .
Brooks Moore is an American television narrator who has primarily provided voiceovers for programs broadcast on the Discovery Channel and its related networks .
Jeff Olson is a composer, multi-instrumentalist, radio show host, and the original drummer for the legendary doom/rock band, Trouble .
Arkanar is the capital of Arkanar Kingdom on a fictional unnamed planet described in ""Hard to Be a God"" .
Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden situated on the shores of Lake Sarnen , Switzerland .
Tom Harris is a Canadian mechanical engineer, executive director of the International Climate Science Coalition and former executive director of the Natural Resources Stewardship Project .
Group O, Headquartered in Milan, Illinois, is one of the largest Hispanic-owned companies in the U .
Durango , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, compose the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Marc Valiente Hernández is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Valladolid mainly as a central defender .
Val d'Adige is one of the sixteen districts of Trentino in the Italian region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol .
Guna Yala, formerly known as San Blas, is an indigenous province in northeast Panama .
Susan Elizabeth Phillips is an award-winning and best-selling United States writer of romance novels .
Robert Gordon ""Robin"" Stevens is a British puppeteer, actor, director and writer for children's TV for nearly 30 years, and has done many successful programs .
Camilo Andrés Ayala Quintero is a Colombian footballer who plays for Atlético Huila in the Categoría Primera A .
NEC Casio Mobile Communications, established 1 May 2010, is a joint venture between three Japanese electronics manufacturers NEC, Casio and Hitachi, where NEC owns 70 .
Akure is a city in south-western Nigeria, and is the largest city and capital of Ondo State .
Baldassare Peruzzi was a leading Italian architect of the earlier 16th century; his son Giovanni Sallustio Peruzzi was also an architect .
The Kingdom of Württemberg was a state in Germany that existed from 1806 to 1918, located in the area that is now Baden-Württemberg .
Dnu Huntrakul , born March 26, 1950, is a prominent Thai composer and chamber musician who has been active in the musical life of Thailand since the 1960s .
The Mohegan Tribe of Connecticut is a federally recognized tribe and sovereign tribal nation of Mohegan people Land Claim Settlement Act .
Mark Durie is an Australian scholar and vicar of St Mary's Anglican Church in Caulfield, Victoria, Australia .
The Kazakhstan Electricity Grid Operating Company is a national transmission grid operator of Kazakhstan .
Flintshire Act 1994, consisting only of the Alyn and Deeside and Delyn districts - the Wrexham Maelor parts now form part of Wrexham County Borough, with the former Rhuddlan district forming the northernmost part of the current Denbighshire unitary authority .
The Duchy of Castro was a fiefdom in central Italy formed in 1537 from a small strip of land on what is now Lazio's border with Tuscany, centred on Castro, Lazio, a fortified city on a tufa cliff overlooking the Fiora River which was its capital and ducal residence .
Double Helix Games LLC is an American video game developer based in Irvine, California, founded in 2007 through two mergers of Foundation 9 studios, The Collective and Shiny Entertainment .
THF Realty is a national investor, developer, manager, and owner of commercial real estate, including shopping centers and office buildings .
Darwinbus is a public bus service which operates in Darwin and Palmerston in the Northern Territory .
The Niger Coast Protectorate was a British protectorate in the Oil Rivers area of present-day Nigeria, originally established as the Oil Rivers Protectorate in 1884 and confirmed at the Berlin Conference the following year, renamed on 12 May 1893, and merged with the chartered territories of the Royal Niger Company on 1 January 1900 to form the Southern Nigeria Protectorate .
Aidan Baker is a musician from Toronto, Canada who has released numerous records both as a solo artist and as part of various side projects, including Nadja, ARC, and Mnemosyne .
Fractal Analytics is a global provider of predictive analytics and decision sciences, helping companies: Harmonize data, tell visual stories and forecast business performance .
North Sea Capital, based in Copenhagen, is an independent private equity adviser that serves institutional and high-net-worth clients including some of the largest Nordic pension funds .
The Czech Republic against the Catholic Habsburgs led to the Thirty Years' War, after which the monarchy consolidated its rule, re-imposed Catholicism, and adopted a policy of gradual Germanization .
Cotonou , formerly Kutonu, is the largest city and economic centre of Benin, although Porto-Novo is the capital .
Parfums Lubin is one of the oldest perfume houses in the world List of oldest companies .
Kier Group plc is a construction, services and property group active in building and civil engineering, support services, public and private housebuilding, land development and the Private Finance Initiative .
Predatory lending is the unfair, deceptive, or fraudulent practices of some lenders during the loan origination process .
Dathina , or sometimes the Dathina Confederation, was a state in the British Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia .
FreshDirect is an online grocer that delivers to residences and offices in the New York City metropolitan area .
Pablo Lastras García is a Spanish racing cyclist who rides for Spanish UCI ProTour team Movistar Team .
Trans-Lux is a company that specializes in designing, selling, renting, installing and maintaining multi-color, real-time data and LED large-screen electronic information displays, but is primarily known as a major supplier of national stock ticker display devices for stock exchanges .
One Art World is an online service provider for the international art market with headquarters in New York .
Tijuana Beer also known as TJ Beer, is located in the city of Tijuana, and is one of the handful of Mexican microbrewies .
The Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council, Leh is an Autonomous Hill Council that administers the Leh District of Jammu and Kashmir, India .
First Look Studios was an independent American film distributor that specialized in home video releases of films and TV series .
Amway is an American company using a multi-level marketing model to sell a variety of products, primarily in the health, beauty, and home care markets .
Elliott Wood Partnership is a structural and civil engineering practice, providing services for all engineering aspects of the built environment .
Mário Sérgio Leal Nogueira , known as Mário Sérgio, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Cypriot club APOEL FC as a right back .
Ana Rocha is a Portuguese-American professional wrestler and manager known by her ring name ""The Portuguese Princess"" Ariel, who has competed in Northeastern independent promotions including Ring of Honor, IWA Mid-South and the National Wrestling Alliance .
Keba AG is an Austrian company with its headquarters in Linz, that develops and produces industrial, bank, and service industrial products .
André Stitt is an artist currently based in Cardiff, Wales, where he is a Professor of Fine Art at the Cardiff School of Art & Design .
Rogers Radio is a subdivision of Rogers Communications, a division of Rogers Media, specializing in the radio broadcasting industry .
Rachel Podger is an English violinist and conductor specialising in the performance of Baroque music .
Nobuhiko Matsunaka is a left fielder and designated hitter for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks .
Cornerstone Research is a litigation consulting firm based in the United States and the United Kingdom .
Paul Bonhomme is an English aerobatics and commercial airliner pilot and owner/race pilot of Team Bonhomme, the World Champions of the Red Bull Air Race World Championship .
Charnel House is a horror fiction publishing house, specializing in limited edition books noted for their craftsmanship .
Lhokseumawe is the second largest city in Aceh Special District, in the north of Sumatra, Indonesia .
Maurice Richards , better known by his stage name Rich Boy, is a rapper from Mobile, Alabama .
HabiJax of Jacksonville, Florida is the largest of the 1,600+ affiliates of Habitat for Humanity International in the United States .
The Territory of Nebraska was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 30, 1854, until March 1, 1867, when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Nebraska .
Cheryl Patton is a pageant titleholder from North Miami Beach, Florida who has held the Miss USA 1967 title .
Ithobaal I , and Phoenician influence in Samaria and the other Israelite cities was extensive .
Catherine Banner is a British author, born in Cambridge, England and living in County Durham .
Bryan Jesus Kelly is an American professional wrestler, manager, color commentator and former journalist .
The United Suvadive Republic was an ancient name for the three southernmost atolls of the archipelago, derived from a name for the largest of the three, Huvadhu Atoll .
Castell-Castell was a County in the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by a branch of the Counts of Castell .
Françoise d'Eaubonne was translated into English as A Flight of Falcons, and extracts from her essay 'Feminism or Death' appeared in the 1974 anthology New French Feminisms .
Samir Naqqash was an Iraqi-born Israeli novelist, short-story writer, and playwright who immigrated to Israel .
Markus Peter Leminen is a Finnish former figure skater who competed in men's singles .
Jolbon was a small, Korean tribal state which arose in the northern Korean peninsula from perhaps 1st century BCE .
Bradley Zaun is an Iowa State Senator from the 32nd District and the Republican nominee for Iowa's 3rd congressional district in the 2010 general election .
Chloride Group, a business of Emerson Network Power, is the UK's largest supplier of secure power systems to hospitals and other public buildings and facilities .
York , is a city located in York County, Pennsylvania, United States, which is in the South Central region of the state .
Brigid Marlin [1] won the 1974 Visions of the Future competition and was greatly admired by J G Ballard, who later commissioned her to reproduce the Belgian surrealist Paul Delvaux’s two 'lost' paintings 'The Rape' and 'The Mirror' .
Leon Curtis Frierson is an American actor and comedian, best known for his work on the Nickelodeon comedy show All That .
Ingush Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast of the Russian SFSR in the Soviet Union, created on 7 July 1924 .
Daimler-Benz AG was created to handle data processing, financial and insurance services, and real estate management for the Daimler group .
Carlos Callejas better known as Torombolo is a reggaeton and hip hop singer with ""Camillion Entertainment Latino"" .
The North Carolina News Network is a news and information service established in 1942 .
Angelli Spumante & Aperitive is one of the most important producers of alcoholic beverages in Romania, holder of the Angelli brand, leader on the sparkling wine market with a 70% share .
Valeriy Pylypovych Borzov is a Ukrainian former sprint athlete who competed for the Soviet Union .
Parlophone Records, Ltd is a record label that was founded in Germany in 1896 by the Carl Lindström Company as Parlophon .
EverTrust Bank , or Ever Trust Bank and Evertrust Bank, as its advertisement often appeared in the local Chinese media, is an overseas Chinese bank in the United States .
OTEGLOBE is an Athens-based network backbone operator offering telecommunication services to carriers, ISPs and business customers in Southern Europe .
The March was a northern Italian nobleman, one of the major participants in the Third Crusade .
Isenburg-Braunsberg was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Braunsberg in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The Österreichische Industrieholding AG or short ÖIAG, administers the investments of the Republic of Austria in partially or entirely nationalized companies .
Yullaby is a French video game developer, founded by 5 former Gameloft employees in 2006, known for their 2009 video game Magnetis for WiiWare and PC .
The Trucial States were to form the United Arab Emirates on that day, the seventh - Ras Al Khaimah - would join the Federation on 10 February 1972 .
The Taifa of Tejada was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed only from 1146 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohads .
Phoebe Conn is the maiden name and pseudonym of Phoebe Jane Conn, a best-selling American author of over thirty romance novels .
Opera a la Carte is a Los Angeles USA-based Gilbert and Sullivan professional touring repertory company .
Break Media was a privately held company that owned several Internet properties targeted at men , Screen Junkies, CagePotato, Chickipedia, HolyTaco, MadeMan, AllLeftTurns, TuVez and GameFront .
Olea Medical®, a provider of advanced MR and CT perfusion imaging post-processing, designs and markets innovative medical imaging applications significantly improving diagnostic processes and treatment evaluation .
BullsEye Telecom is a Michigan-based business-to-business CLEC that offers various telecommunications and data services, such as Plain old telephone service, Voice over IP , IP PBX, wireless, expense management and others .
Carl Sargeant AM is a Welsh Labour politician and the Minister for Housing and Regeneration in the Welsh Assembly Government .
Timesys is a privately owned company that helps software development teams build and maintain a custom Linux platform for a wide variety of embedded processors from semiconductor manufacturers such as Atmel, Freescale, Intel, Texas Instruments, and Xilinx .
Ennio Marchetto is an Italian comedic live entertainer whose performances feature quick-change artistry, impersonations and his trademark bi-dimensional paper costumes .
Bad Sekta is an independent English record label founded in Halstead in 2005, with a mission statement to release new music and video by underground & experimental electronic music artists .
NASDAQ OMX Commodities Europe is a trade name of NASDAQ OMX Oslo ASA, the single financial energy market for Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland .
Harlequin Games is a business which designs and moderates PBM games by email of which their Legends .
Mezhdurechensky Urban Okrug in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, one of the sixteen urban okrugs in the oblast .
Limburg-Styrum-Gemen was a County of medieval Germany, based in the Lordship of Gemen in modern North Rhine-Westphalia .
CHRISTUS Health is an international Catholic, faith-based, not-for-profit health system comprising almost 350 services and facilities, including more than 60 hospitals and long-term care facilities, 175 clinics and outpatient centers and dozens of other health ministries and ventures .
Nouakchott (Arabic: نواكشوط‎ Nuwākshūṭ or انواكشوط, thought to derive from Berber Nawākšūṭ, ""place of the winds"" is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania .
Christine Louise Bleakley is a Northern Irish broadcaster, best known for her television work with the BBC and ITV .
VKernel Corporation is a provider of performance and capacity management products for VMware and Microsoft Hyper-V virtualized infrastructures .
The Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières SA or BRVM, is a regional stock exchange serving the following west African countries: 23x15px Benin 23x15px Burkina Faso 23x15px Guinea Bissau 23x15px Côte d'Ivoire 23x15px Mali 23x15px Niger 23x15px Senegal 23x15px Togo .
Trendmasters was an American toy company most notable for its figures based on the Godzilla series, as well as the 1998 film of the same name .
Tornel o Hulera Tornel is a Mexican enterprise and only surviving tire producer in Mexico, dedicated to making tires and other automotive industry-related products .
TUI Cruises is a Germany-based, Joint venture cruise line of the German Tourist firm, TUI AG and the Norwegian-American cruise line operator, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd .
Vaden Danger Todd Lewis is the singer/guitarist for Toadies, a post-grunge band from Fort Worth, Texas .
Quechua is a mountain sports brand founded in 1997 in Domancy, France, producing hiking, trail running, adventure racing, climbing and mountaineering apparel and equipment and is sold in every store of Decathlon Group and sportswear shops .
Dharmacon was founded in 1995 by Stephen Scaringe as Dharmacon Research to develop and commercialize a new technology for RNA oligonucleotide synthesis .
Spit Shine Records, also known as Spit Shine International, is an American independent record label and Jamaican sound system specializing in ska, roots, and dub music .
Ingor Ánte Áilu Gaup, also known as Iŋgor Ántte Áilu Gaup and as Áilloš .
Bit Adini, A city or region of Syria, called sometimes Bit Adini in Assyrian sources, was an Aramaean state that existed as an independent kingdom during the 10th and 9th Centuries BC, with its capital at Til Barsib .
Chris Lowery is an American college basketball coach currently serving as an assistant coach at Kansas State University under head coach Bruce Weber .
Samuel Klein was a Polish-Brazilian business magnate and philanthropist who founded the Casas Bahia chain of department stores in Brazil, building them into the top retailer in the country .
Scott Morgan is an American rock and roll and soul musician, most known for his work with the Sonic's Rendezvous Band, the Rationals, The Solution as well as his solowork .
Haulotte Group is a major French aerial work platform manufacturer, the third-largest company in the world in this area of products .
Richard Dennis ""Dick"" Oatts is an American jazz saxophonist, multi-instrumentalist, composer, and educator from Jefferson, Iowa .
The Bishopric of Courland ecclesiastical state in the Livonian Confederation founded in the aftermath of the Livonian Crusade .
Aquileia , but it was large and prominent in Antiquity as one of the world's largest cities with a population of 100,000 in the second century AD .
Armin Assinger is a former Austrian Alpine skier and current host of the Millionenshow and Domino Day .
Oregon Bridge Delivery Partners and its Highway Division to manage projects in the Oregon Transportation Investment Act III State Bridge Delivery Program, under which hundreds of bridges in Oregon will be repaired or replaced .
Jakub Władysław Wojewódzki known as Kuba Wojewódzki is a Polish journalist, TV personality, drummer, and comedian .
Foundation Asset Management AB is a Swedish foundation asset management company, founded by the three largest Wallenberg foundations in order to manage the assets of the foundations, by means of direct ownership as well as through management and consultancy agreements .
Jihad Azour , is a Lebanese economist and politician, he served as Lebanon's minister of finance under Fouad Saniora's government from 2005 to 2008 .
North Dakota is the 39th state of the United States, having been admitted to the union on November 2, 1889 .
Jason Rowe, who formerly recorded under the name Jai, is a British pop and soul singer currently residing in Bristol, England .
The Lapai Emirate, today in Nigeria, is a traditional state that lies near the Gurara River, a tributary to the Niger River, and was originally inhabited by the Gbari people, covering roughly the same area as the modern Lapai local government area .
Gail Anne Riplinger is an American writer and speaker known for her support of the King James Only movement .
Ryan Air Services is an American cargo-only airline that serves over 70 villages in Bush Alaska out of hubs in Aniak, Bethel, Emmonak, Kotzebue, Nome, St .
The South African Republic , often referred to as the Transvaal and sometimes as the Republic of Transvaal, was an independent and internationally recognised country in Southern Africa from 1852 to 1902 .
The United States Postal Service , revenue dropped sharply due to recession-influenced declining mail volume, prompting the postal service to look to other sources of revenue while cutting costs to reduce its budget deficit .
French Bull LLC, also known as French Bull by Jackie Shapiro, is an American company located in Manhattan .
Experience Media Studios headquartered in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the first movie and television studio organized in the emerging UAE media industry .
Gombe State, located in the northeastern part of Nigeria, is one of the country's 36 states; its capital is Gombe .
Element Mobile is a CDMA-Based cellular service provider headquartered in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin, that launched in January 2011 .
Tim Fite is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist, living and working in Brooklyn .
The Free Republic of Schwarzenberg is a term now used for an unoccupied area in Western Saxony that existed for several weeks after the German capitulation on May 8, 1945 .
Roteb is a city cleaning company which is in service of the City of Rotterdam and tries to make sure that the streets and squares of the city are kept tidy and they also offer waste management services .
Francisco Javier 'Javi' Martos Espigares is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Belgian club R .
Bích Động is a township and town and capital of Việt Yên District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
Trollbäck + Company is a New York-based creative studio producing graphics, design and live action for advertising, broadcast, and entertainment .
YoolinkPro is a social network for companies edited by Yoolink, a company based in Paris, France and founded in 2008 .
Ryan Northcott is a Canadian actor, in the film Mystery, Alaska and several other TV movies .
The Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast within the Kabardino-Balkaria region of the Soviet Union .
Fred Herzog is a photographer known primarily for his photographs of life in Vancouver, Canada .
Carlos Alberto Montaner is an exiled Cuban author known for his more than 25 books and thousands of articles, including several novels, the last of which is La mujer del coronel, The colonel's wife .
lleitmotif is a Singapore-based online clothing store that not only designs and manufactures clothing, but also allows fashion labels to put up clothing for sale on their website .
Craven-Maddalena Films is a Hollywood movie studio, founded in 1996 by Wes Craven and Marianne Maddalena .
Suzlon Energy Limited, ranked as the world’s fifth largest wind turbine supplier, in terms of cumulative installed capacity and market share, at the end of 2013 .
Dan Names is an Internet domain registrar and web hosting company that also sells e-business related software and services .
Research Foundation for Governance in India is a think tank based in Ahmedabad, India, with the aim to research, promote, and implement various legal and political reforms in Gujarat and across India .
Mathias Klotz Germain is a Chilean architect, born in Viña del Mar on 13 April 1965 .
Amy Crawford is a beauty queen from Auburn, Washington who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Magomed ""The Propeller"" Magomedov is a Russian former kickboxer fighting out of Chinuk Gyn from Minsk, Belarus .
Subodh Sarkar is a Bengali poet, writer and editor, and a reader in English literature at City College, Kolkata .
Joshua Dysart is an Eisner Award-nominated, New York Times Best Selling American comic book writer known for dark themes, humanist horror and a fascination with the roots of violence .
Aktien-Gesellschaft „Weser"" was one of the major German shipbuilding companies, located at the Weser River in Bremen .
Merl Reagle , the Hartford Courant, the New York Observer, and the Arizona Daily Star .
Palatinate-Mosbach-Neumarkt was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Mosbach and Eberbach in the north of modern Baden-Württemberg, and Neumarkt in the Upper Palatinate of Bavaria, Germany .
Aventurine SA is a Greek independent video game developer and publisher founded in 2003, located in Athens, Greece .
The Republic of Mainz was the first democratic state on the current German territory and was centered in Mainz .
Brad Mackay is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s .
The World Intellectual Property Organization is one of the 16 specialized agencies of the United Nations .
Nortel Networks Corporation, formerly known as Northern Telecom Limited and sometimes known simply as Nortel, was a multinational telecommunications and data networking equipment manufacturer headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada .
Syburi is the name for the Malay state of Kedah returned to Thailand when the Japanese occupied British Malaya during World War II .
The Homer Laughlin China Company is an American pottery company based in Newell, West Virginia, which is best known for producing the Fiesta line of dinnerware .
Tuvalu , and later as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands colony from 1916 to 1974 .
Empty Clip Studios, LLC is a video game developer based in San Diego, California and was founded in July 2007 .
Malolos, officially the City of Malolos to the southeast, Guiguinto to the east, Plaridel to the north, Calumpit to the northwest, and Paombong to the west .
Michel Ocelot is a French writer, character designer, storyboard artist and director of animated films and television programs and a former president of the International Animated Film Association .
Niko Eeckhout was a professional road racing cyclist from Belgium, racing between 1993 and 2013 .
The Central-Caspian Dictatorship , or the Centro-Caspian Dictatorship, was a short-lived anti-Soviet administration proclaimed in the city of Baku during World War I .
Ben White is a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership His preferred position is in the back row .
CobraGuard is a provider of outsourced COBRA administration services founded in 2001 by Robert Meyers, Brad Watson and Stacy Bye .
Inhambane, Terra de Boa Gente is a city located in southern Mozambique, lying on Inhambane Bay, 470 km northeast of Maputo .
The Grand Duchy of Würzburg , but it was elevated to the status of a Grand Duchy after the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire on 6 August 1806 .
OnTrack was a regional rail line that operated in Syracuse, New York from 1994 to 2007 .
Officine Viberti was an Italian manufacturer of trailers, coach and bus bodies and mopeds, better known by its integral Monotral chassisless self-supporting coaches and buses .
Southern literature and the burdens/rewards religion often brings, issues of racial tension, land and the promise it brings, a sense of social class and place, and the use of the Southern dialect .
Delta State is a state in Nigeria, which comprises the Urhobos, Isoko, Ukwuani, Itsekiri, Ezon, Enuani-Igbos, and Ika ethnic nationalities .
Kaédi is the largest city and administrative center of the Gorgol region of Southern Mauritania .
The Republic of Negros was a short-lived revolutionary republic, and later, administrative division, which existed while the Philippines was under Spanish and American sovereignty .
Cory Lerios is an American pianist and vocalist noted for his fast and flowing style of playing .
Seiha English Academy primarily in western Japan for children from six months to 15 years old .
Moussa Bolokada Conde is a master drummer from Kissidougou, Guinea, expert of Malinke rhythms, and one of the world's foremost djembefolas .
Mike Sager , was a Los Angeles Times bestseller, as was his second, Revenge of the Donut Boys, published in 2007 .
Pretzelmaker and Pretzel Time are chains of independently owned and operated franchised stores that specialize in hand-rolled pretzels, smoothies and cold beverages .
The County of Tyrol, is a historical region in what is now Austria and Italy from 1140 up to 1919 .
The Canadian Pacific Railway , fulfilling a promise extended to British Columbia when it entered Confederation in 1871 .
Alejandro ""Álex"" Maclean was a Spanish TV film producer and aerobatics pilot, who competed in the Red Bull Air Race World Championship under the number 36 .
The Tanat Valley Light Railway long standard gauge light railway connecting Llangynog with Blodwel, crossing the Wales – England border .
Dave Soldier is an American neuroscientist at Columbia University who is better known as a composer and musician in a variety of genres including avant-garde, classical, and jazz .
The East Cornwall Mineral Railway was a 1,067 mm railway line, opened in 1872 to connect mines and quarries in the Callington and Gunnislake areas in east Cornwall with shipping at Calstock on the River Tamar .
First Kitchen is a Japanese fast food restaurant chain operated by First Kitchen Co .
The Utah Railway is a class III railroad operating in Utah and Colorado, and owned by Genesee & Wyoming Inc .
Jiangsu Shagang Group Company Limited, Jiangsu Shagang Group, Shagang Group or Shasteel is located in Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu, China, an Economic Development Zone of the Yangtze River .
Emily ""Eve"" Best is an English stage and screen actress and director, best known for her roles as Dr .
Kolonia is a coastal town and the capital of Pohnpei State in the Federated States of Micronesia .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Punjabi as of census 2001 .
Jeffrey Schwarz 's Sex and the Cinema, a look at sexuality on film; In the Gutter, a history of the gross-out movie; Hitchcocked!, a tribute to the artistry of Alfred Hitchcock; and Shooting the Police: Cops on Film .
Eric Papilaya is a singer from Austria who represented his home country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, Finland .
The Belgian colonial empire —the Belgian Congo—which had originated as the personal property of the country's king, Leopold II, rather than being gained through the political or military action of the Belgian state .
Foris Vineyards Winery is an American winery located near Cave Junction, Oregon in the Illinois Valley region of the Rogue Valley AVA of Southern Oregon .
Karen Carter Peterson is a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate, having represented the 5th District since 2010 .
Sound Ideas is the repository of one of the largest commercially available sound effects libraries in the world .
Roundarch was a privately held company that designed and implemented digital experiences for some of the world’s largest organizations .
Dan Dunn is an American improvisational Speed Painter and the creator of Paintjam, a theatrical performance art show in which paintings are created in minutes on stage .
Sorefame was a Portuguese manufacturer of railway rolling stock and industrial equipment, such as dam gates equipment .
Jennifer McCann MLA is an Irish republican politician in Northern Ireland, who was elected in 2007 to the Northern Ireland Assembly as a Sinn Féin member for Belfast West .
Nexcelle is a joint venture between General Electric’s Middle River Aircraft Systems and the Safran group’s Aircelle – both of which are suppliers of engine nacelles, thrust reversers and aerostructures .
McCoy is a brand of pottery that was produced in the United States in the late 19th and 20th centuries .
Rick Kosick is an American photographer and crew member, and supporting cast member of the Jackass TV series and the three Jackass movies .
NetCologne is a telecommunications, cable television and Internet service provider in the Cologne region of Germany .
Aircargo Communities Inc, also known as Air Cargo Inc, is the largest network of Air Freight Cartage agents and trucking companies providing services to the airline and freight forwarding community in North America .
Alex Attwood MLA is an Irish politician, who served as Minister for Environment in the Northern Ireland Executive .
Alderman Leslie Cree, MBE, MLA until his appointment to the Northern Ireland Policing Board in 2007 .
Palace Software was a British video game publisher and developer during the 1980s based in London, England .
Intesa Sanpaolo is a banking group resulting from the merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI based in Turin, Italy .
The praetorian prefecture of the East or of Oriens was one of four large praetorian prefectures into which the Late Roman Empire was divided .
Elderly Instruments is a musical instrument retailer in Lansing, Michigan, United States, with a reputation as a ""megastore"", a repair shop and a locus for folk music including bluegrass and ""twang"" .
Benjamin Kayser is a French Rugby union player who plays as hooker for Clermont Auvergne in the French Top 14 .
Cult Shaker a product of CULT A/S, is a 100% natural flavored alcohol beverage containing Guarana and cider than the hard cider actually used .
Mutual Savings Life provides life insurance products, annuities, and other insurance products to individuals and businesses .
Freskanova was the record label responsible for the Freestylers, Mad Doctor X and many other UK breaks artists but shut down in April 2002 .
Steven Paul Novella is an American clinical neurologist and assistant professor at Yale University School of Medicine .
Robert Gair invented the folding carton in 1890 Brooklynite Robert Gair/Gayer was a printer and paper bag maker in the 1870s .
Raajjé Online is the brand name for broadband internet services provided by Focus Infocom Private Limited .
Dean Bruce Ellison is a former motorcycle racer from Britain, born 14 November 1977 in Lancaster, Lancashire .
Theodore Brewster Taylor was a Mexican-born, American theoretical physicist and prominent nuclear weapon designer who later in life became a nuclear disarmament advocate .
The San Diego Institute for Policy Research was established in 2006 in San Diego by businessman and entrepreneur Steve Francis .
Plamen Getov is a Bulgarian retired footballer who played as either an attacking midfielder or a striker .
Ann Marie Fleming is an independent Canadian filmmaker, writer, and visual artist who was born in Okinawa, in 1962, of Chinese and Australian parentage .
Seioglobal formerly ""SSG"" / Safesoft Global ,in additional to its own training and development center .
Ben Sollee is an American cellist, singer-songwriter, and composer known for his innovative playing style, genre-bending songwriting, electrifying performances, political activism, and wide appeal .
Pavlovsky Avtobusny Zavod is a manufacturer of buses in Russia, located in the city ofPavlovo, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast .
Đầm Dơi is a township and capital town of Đầm Dơi District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam .
Waterways Ireland is one of the six all-Ireland North/South implementation bodies established under the Belfast Agreement in 1999 .
The Durrani Empire, Durrani Tulukamani, Durrani Wakmani, Durrani Emirate , most of Pakistan, and northwestern India, including the Kashmir region .
Limelight Software is a UK-based developer of games and application software for Smartphones, Pocket PC, Nintendo DS, Nintendo DSiWare, and Apple iPhone .
Jill Barber is a Canadian singer-songwriter formerly based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, now based in Vancouver, British Columbia .
Paul Mitchell, born Cyril Thomson Mitchell , was a Scottish and American hairstylist and co-founder of the hair care product company John Paul Mitchell Systems in 1980 .
Delta Amacuro State is one of the 23 states of Venezuela, and is the location of the Orinoco Delta .
HP ProCurve was the name of the networking division of Hewlett-Packard from 1998 to 2010 and associated with the products that it sold .
Fox is an Asian Entertainment TV channel, owned and produced by Fox International Channels and distributed by STAR TV .
Anthony Bernard ""Tony"" Kelly , is an Australian former politician, who was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council representing the Australian Labor Party from 1997 until 2011 .
Arkansas Business Publishing Group is a magazine and newspaper publisher based in Little Rock, Arkansas, USA .
Choices Markets is a Vancouver-based supermarket chain that is Western Canada's largest retailer of natural and organic food .
Miguel Flaño Bezunartea is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a central defender .
Confederate Ireland refers to the period of Irish self-government between 1642 and 1649, during the Eleven Years' War .
Alfred Giovanni Roncalli Boe , known professionally initially as both Alf and Alfred Boe as well as, more recently, Alfie Boe, is an English tenor singer and actor, notably performing in musical theatre .
Tsiroanomandidy [tsiˌronʷmanˈdidʲ] is a city in central-western Madagascar, approximately 210 kilometres west of the capital Antananarivo .
Queen City Development Bank, also known as Queenbank, is a Philippines private development bank based in Iloilo City .
The Environmental Foundation for Africa is a Sierra Leone non-governmental organization founded in 1992 that aims to protect and restore the environment in West Africa .
Formstack is an online form builder that enables users to create any type of online form, including surveys, contact forms, event registrations and order forms .
Amruta Khanvilkar is an Indian film actress who appears in Bollywood and Marathi movies .
Barry Mills is the fourteenth president of Bowdoin College and the fifth one to be an alumnus .
OrangeScape is a software product developed by a Chennai-based company with the same name, with the purpose of simplifying business application development .
Wing Zone is an Atlanta-based American restaurant chain that specializes in deep-fried food products; especially buffalo wings .
Athens and the Athens Trilogy, consisting of the National Library of Greece, the Athens University and the Academy of Athens .
The Crown of Castile was a medieval state in the Iberian Peninsula that formed in 1230 as a result of the third and definitive union of the crowns and, some decades later, the parliaments of the kingdoms of Castile and León upon the accession of the then king, Ferdinand III of Castile, to the vacant Leonese throne .
Golis Telecom Somalia , shortened to Golis, is the largest telecommunications operator in northeastern Somalia .
John Duffield is the founder of Jupiter Fund Management, one of the largest funder managers operating in London .
The ""Kingdom of Wallachia"" , named after the region of Moravian Wallachia, is a tongue-in-cheek micronation that was founded in 1997 by the photographer Tomáš Harabiš as an ""elaborate practical joke"" .
Franklin is an American basketball player, formerly of the West Virginia Mountaineers men's squad .
Bruno Montelongo Gesta is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a defender for Uruguayan Primera División club River Plate .
Blue Giant Equipment Corporation is a loading dock solutions provider with corporate headquarters in Brampton, Ontario, Canada .
Nanyue , and encouraged fellow Han Chinese to immigrate from their Yellow River homeland to the south .
Eraring Energy is an electricity generation company in Australia that is owned by the Government of New South Wales, and has a portfolio of generating sites using thermal coal, wind, and hydroelectric power .
Tulga Games LLC was a privately held digital game publisher and developer founded by ex-Artifact Entertainment employee David Bowman .
Yong Chin Pak is a 6th dan judo, 9th dan hapkido, and 8th dan taekwondo master and adjunct instructor in Exercise Sport Science and instructed students in the martial arts has won multiple national collegiate championships .
The Government of Santa Marta was a capitulation given by the King of Spain between 1526 and 1618 to his loyals to manage newly discovered and conquered territories in the Americas .
Percy Nils Barnevik HonFREng 1988–2002, and for being the centre of a giant pension dispute that shook Sweden in 2003 .
Harkness Roses began developing new roses for the company in 1962, and improved roses' health by introducing genes from various wild rose species .
Bucks County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, immediately northeast of Philadelphia and forming part of the southern tip of the eastern state border .
Hasbro Interactive was an American video game production and publishing subsidiary of Hasbro, the large game and toy company .
Gallia Lugdunensis this formed the praetorian prefecture also called Galliae, subordinate to the western emperor .
Ivy Supersonic is a New York fashion designer, self-promoter, event planner, and animated character designer .
Garri Dadyan is an Armenian artist who uses a variety of metals such as iron, copper, bronze, gold and silver in his metal works .
Cassandra ""Cassie"" Ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series Skins, portrayed by Hannah Murray .
Royce Barry West is a Democratic African American member of the Texas Senate representing the Dallas-based 23rd District .
Chipwi is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar .
United Agricultural Services Laboratories, commonly referred to as UAS Laboratories, is a private biotechnology company headquartered in Wausau, Wisconsin, USA .
Icemat is a manufacturer, distributor and online retailer of a line of products targeted primarily at computer gamers .
Armenia has entered seven entries to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest , having debuted at the 2007 .
Western Costume is a costume warehouse in Hollywood, California which supplies costumes and costuming supplies to the film and TV industry .
Annie Dalton, born 18 January 1948 in Dorset, is a British children's author, perhaps best known for writing the Agent Angel series, formerly known as the Angels Unlimited series, and now retitled The Angel Academy .
Matt Gallagher , which tells of his and his scout platoon's experiences during the Iraq War .
Burundi , officially the Republic of Burundi , is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of Southeast Africa, bordered by Rwanda to the north, Tanzania to the east and south, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west .
Dʿmt was a kingdom located in Eritrea and northern Ethiopia that existed during the 10th to 5th centuries BC .
Bradley Michael ""Brad"" Pitt Gold at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and for qualifying for the 2008 Olympics .
Alexandra Naumik , better known by her stage name Alex, was a Polish-Norwegian rock and pop artist who rose to fame in the late 1970s .
Imperio Properties is a Cyprus-based property development and management firm that specialises in the design, construction and marketing of apartments, maisonettes, townhouses, golf villas, as well as commercial developments .
Wally Heider Studios was a recording studio in San Francisco, California between 1969 and 1980, started by recording engineer and studio owner Wally Heider .
Mika Pohjola is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer, who resides in New York City .
Nasvadi is name of a town, a village as well as a Taluka in Chhota Udaipur district of Gujarat, India .
Clockwork Zoo, , based in Cape Town, South Africa was the world's largest animation studio from 2006 until its closure in 2010 .
Justine Bartolini-Baldelli, née Percoli-Suárez , was a French Princess, being the spouse of Prince Jérôme Bonaparte, heir presumptive of France during the second Empire .
Israel Ports and Railway Authority is the governmental agency which operates and manages Israel's seaports in Haifa, Ashdod and Eilat .
The Netherlands have been reclaimed from the sea and from lakes, amounting to nearly 17% of the country's current land mass .
Manhattan Research, LLC is an American think tank organization based in New York, New York that provides information on issues, attitudes and trends related to technology use and adoption by consumers and health professionals in the United States, Europe, and Asia-Pacific .
The National Museum of Finland , an association related to the government's Ministry of Culture and Education .
Specialist Computer Centres is an information technology services firm, mainly catering for medium sized enterprises and public sector organisations .
Stephen Tyrer is a rugby league footballer who plays for Halifax in the Championship he previously played for St Helens, where he began his career, Salford and Widnes in the Super League .
The Principality of Wales existed between 1216 and 1536, encompassing two-thirds of modern Wales during its height between 1267–1277 .
As of 2010 the Association of Southeast Asian Nations has 10 member states, one candidate member state, and one observer state .
Burgundy is a historic region in Western Europe, now Southern France, named after its founders, the Burgundians .
The Valley Connector Regional Shuttle and Commuter Bus is a public transportation service provided by S & W Tours, LLC and Valley Connector, Inc .
Boubacar Diabang Dialiba is a Senegalese international footballer who currently plays for Polish club KS Cracovia .
Centro Digital Pictures Limited is a visual special effects and animations company based in Hong Kong that provides visual effects for film, interactive media and video games .
Another Lady Innocent is the title of a hentai anime directed by Satoshi Urushihara in 2004, based on his artbook Lady Innocent and was released in Japan under the title Front Innocent .
Jean Jacques Machado is one of the five Machado brothers, including Carlos, Roger, Rigan and John, renowned for their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu skills .
KPMG is one of the largest professional services companies in the world and one of the Big Four auditors, along with Deloitte, EY and PwC .
Ditch Witch is an American brand of underground construction equipment built by The Charles Machine Works, Inc .
Saul Raisin is an American former professional road bicycle racer with UCI ProTeam Crédit Agricole .
Pat Williams is a motivational speaker and sports executive, currently serving as a senior vice president of the NBA’s Orlando Magic .
Beautiful Nubia is the performing name for Segun Akinlolu, a Nigerian born singer and lead for the Roots Renaissance Band .
Avraham Oz is an Israeli associate professor of Theatre and Hebrew and Comparative literature at the University of Haifa, a translator of plays, operas, and poetry into Hebrew, and a peace activist .
Khasso or Xaaso was a West African kingdom of the 17th to 19th centuries, occupying territory in what is today Senegal and the Kayes Region of Mali .
The Republic of Pontus was a proposed Pontic Greek state on the southern coast of the Black Sea, whose territory would have encompassed much of historical Pontos and which is today contained within Turkey's Black Sea Region .
North American Bancard is a credit card processing company that offers solutions for credit, debit, EBT, check conversion and guarantee, gift & loyalty cards and more .
Andriy Valeriyovych Nelin is a professional Ukrainian football defender playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League Reserve club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk Reserves and Youth Team .
Jake La Botz is an American blues singer-songwriter and actor from Chicago, Illinois, United States .
Liaoning is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the northeast of the country .
Archaeological Seminars Institute is a private company based in Jerusalem, Israel that deals with archaeology and tourism .
Headquartered in Singapore, World Sport Group is a sports marketing, event management and media company in Asia, with a roster of golf, football and cricket events .
Martin Dugard is an American author living in Rancho Santa Margarita, Orange County, California .
The Serbian Grand Principality or Rascia , and the author of the oldest known constitution of Serbia, Zakonopravilo .
Chihuahua from Chihuahua to Ciudad Juárez in order to face the insecurity problems in Ciudad Juárez, but that request was rejected by the State Legislature on February 12 .
The Southern Qi was the second of the Southern dynasties in China, followed by the Liang Dynasty .
Swiftcover is an internet-based UK insurance company formed in 2005 by a group of former Churchill Insurance executives .
Bank Jacob Safra AG is a full-service commercial banking institution headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland .
Ivanko Barbell Company is an American major international manufacturer of fitness products, specializing in resistance equipment .
Bernie's was a chain of American retail stores based in Enfield, Connecticut, operating locations throughout Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island in the United States .
This article is about the rolling stock company Transmash, for other russian engineering bearing the transmash name see the disambiguation page: TransmashJSC Transmash is a Russian rail industry company specialising in rolling stock, track laying equipment, and railway snow ploughs .
The Kingdom of Haiti was the state established by Henri Christophe on 28 March 1811 when he was self-proclaimed as King Henri I after having previously ruled as president .
Peter Jansen was educated as a painter at the Royal Academy of Art in The Hague, the Netherlands .
Steek is a private technology company based in France which provides integrated online multimedia data storage, file sharing, and automated backup services to telecom operators, ISPs, and portals .
The Treaty of Fort Jackson of their territory: their remaining land in Georgia and much of central Alabama, to the United States government .
Andrei Stepanovich Plakhov , he currently works as an author of cinema reviews for Kommersant .
For almost five centuries, the German city of Frankfurt was a city-state within two major Germanic states:The Holy Roman Empire as the Free Imperial City of Frankfurt was located in the palace of Thurn und Taxis in Frankfurt's city centre .
Geremino Bisceglia , better known as Tex Fletcher, was a singing cowboy with credits as a recording artist, Broadway and movie actor, night club performer, and radio and television personality .
Raaj Kamal Films International is an Indian film production and distribution company founded and headed by Kamal Haasan .
The Kingdom of France in the early modern period, from the Renaissance , who managed to eliminate the remnants of medieval feudalism and established a centralized state under an absolute monarch, a system that would endure until the French Revolution and beyond .
Nolen Niu is an American Industrial Designer who received his Bachelors of Science in Industrial Design from the Art Center College of Design located in Pasadena, California .
Maryland is a state located in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, bordering Virginia, West Virginia, and Washington, D .
William Howard ""Bill"" Northey is an Iowan politician, a member of the Republican Party, and the current Iowa Secretary of Agriculture .
Purkinje Incorporated pioneered pen computing for comprehensive clinical management of patients by physicians in 1991 with the ""PureMD"" ontology-anchored medical record was later rename Dossier that allowed physician order entry, knowledge-based clinical decision support, and billing from clinical note taking recorded on a tablet computer .
Evans Tuning, LLC is an automotive engine tuning, and aftermarket modification shop that specializes in the reprogramming of engine control units , to provide a smooth driving experience and safe engine conditions after modifications to a stock automotive configuration have been performed .
The Duchy of Grand Fenwick is a tiny fictional country created by Leonard Wibberley in a series of comedic novels beginning with The Mouse That Roared in absurd situations so as to comment satirically on contemporary politics and events .
Craig Hill is a Scottish comedian, TV presenter and actor known for his cheeky, irreverent and camp act .
DeucesCracked is a poker instruction website business and an internet forum for the discussion of poker strategy .
The New Zealand national football team has participated in 12 FIFA World Cup qualification campaigns between 1970 and 2014, qualifying for two; the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain and the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
The March of Genoa or Eastern Liguria was created in 961 by the Emperor Otto I .
Barker/DZP is an advertising agency based in the Financial District, Manhattan area of New York City .
The media of South Africa has a large mass media sector and is one of Africa's major media centres .
Bertram Wilberforce ""Bertie"" Wooster is a recurring fictional character in the Jeeves novels of British author P .
Mongala District is a district located in the Équateur province, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Vivien Yeo , born 20 July 1984 in Johor Bahru, Malaysia is a Malaysian born Chinese actress currently under contract to the TVB in Hong Kong .
Spiritual Life Music is a music and art company and a record label that focuses on underground dance music .
The Oconee War was a military conflict in the 1780s and 1790s between European Americans and the Creek Indians known as the Oconee, who lived in an area between the Apalachee and North Oconee rivers in the state of Georgia .
Alloy Ventures is a private equity firm focusing on early-stage venture capital investments in Life Sciences, Information Technology and Cleantech companies .
Barda is the capital city of the Barda Rayon in Azerbaijan, located south of Yevlax and on the left bank of the Terter river .
Atelier One is a British structural engineering company, established in 1989 with offices in London and Brighton .
Mark William ""Beer Man"" Johnson is an American professional golfer who plays on the Champions Tour .
Not to be confused with district Rangkasbitung is the capital town of Lebak Regency, Banten Province of Java, Indonesia .
Marco Alcaraz is a Filipino actor, commercial model, and former varsity basketball player at San Sebastian College-Recoletos .
Blair Jacobs is a freelance Broadcaster, producer, voice-over and media-trainer based in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England .
SSH Communications Security Corporation is a Finnish company that is based in Helsinki and was founded by Tatu Ylönen in 1995 .
The Kuban Soviet Republic was part of the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic within the general territory of the Kuban .
University of Dayton Research Institute is a research institute led by the University of Dayton in Dayton, Ohio .
Anzoátegui State , is one of the 23 component states of Venezuela, located in the northeastern region of the country .
Wintek is a maker of electronic components, mainly touch screens for devices such as Apple's iPhone .
Kristy Borza is an assistant coach for the University of Pittsburgh's Division I women's tennis team .
Port of Spain, also written as Port-of-Spain, is the capital of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and the country's third-largest municipality, after Chaguanas and San Fernando .
Ben Jorgensen is an American musician, best known as the lead singer and guitarist of the rock band Armor for Sleep .
Trusteer is a Boston-based computer security division of IBM, responsible for a suite of security software .
John Pål Inderberg is a versatile saxophonist with a natural spontaneity of expression and one of the leading traditional musicians in Norway .
Michelle Stephanie Banzer also known as Michelle Zen is an American model and beauty queen from Louisville, Kentucky who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Jeff Sylvester Herrod is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League .
Andrew ""Andy"" Fantuz, is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Tony Rombola is an American musician who has been the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for the Boston-based Hard Rock band Godsmack since the mid-1990s .
Bill Vasey is a Democratic member of the Wyoming Senate, representing the 11th district since 1999 .
Ivar's is a seafood restaurant chain based in Seattle, Washington, United States, with operations in the Puget Sound region and in Spokane, Washington .
Kimberly Lyn ""Kim"" Lyons is an American athlete, personal trainer, nutritionist, and fitness model who has appeared several times on the covers of many health and fitness magazines and has also starred on the United States version of the competitive reality television show, The Biggest Loser .
ANF Partners, formerly Askew Nixon Ferguson Architects and originally Lee Askew and Associates, is a Memphis, Tennessee based architectural firm established in 1975 .
Atlas Iron is an Australian mining company and an iron ore explorer, developer and producer, predominantly active in the Pilbara region .
The Theme of Samos , it served chiefly to provide ships and troops for the Byzantine navy .
Angola , officially the Republic of Angola , is a country in Southern Africa .
The Torres Strait Islands are a group of at least 274 small islands which lie in Torres Strait, the waterway separating far northern continental Australia's Cape York Peninsula and the island of New Guinea .
Hugh Joseph Schonfield was a British Bible scholar specializing in the New Testament and the early development of the Christian religion and church .
Mole Valley Farmers is a retail firm started in 1960 by a small group of farmers in Devon who were concerned by the discriminatory practices and the large margins being taken by many of their input suppliers .
MiaSolé is a solar energy company selling copper indium gallium selenide thin-film photovoltaic products .
Aksara Records is Jakarta-based independent record label, founded in 2004 by Hanindhito Siddharta and David Tarigan .
Kingdom of Great or Greater Zhou , was a state established in 1354 by Zhang Shicheng, one of the leaders of the Red Turban Rebellion .
Lithuania has sent four entries to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, first entering at the 2007 Contest in Rotterdam .
Flow Music is a Puerto Rican record label founded by DJ Nelson specializing in the reggaeton genre .
First United Bank, headquartered in Durant, Oklahoma, is a family-owned, Oklahoma-based bank that opened its doors in 1900, seven years before Oklahoma became a state .
The Gold Coast was a British colony on the Gulf of Guinea in west Africa that became the independent nation of Ghana in 1957 .
Terex Corporation is an American manufacturer of a broad range of heavy equipment for a variety of industries, including construction, infrastructure, quarrying, recycling, surface mining, shipping, transportation, refining, utility and maintenance .
Thorn is a 25-year old fictional character in DC Comics, a superhero who suffers from multiple personalities .
Wesley Crusher is a fictional character in the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, appearing regularly in the first four seasons and sporadically afterwards .
Bernard Quilfen is a former French professional road bicycle racer, who won a stage in the 1977 Tour de France .
Siân Berry is an English politician and member of the Green Party of England and Wales .
Daniel Alan ""Dan"" Byles FRGS MP from Resolute, Nunavut to the Magnetic North Pole in 20 days and 5 hours .
Chamchamal is a Kurdish city located to the east of Kirkuk and west of Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan .
Zoopla is a British property website covering the residential property market, partially owned by Daily Mail and General Trust and estate agent Countrywide .
CampusEAI Consortium is an international information technology services and consulting company headquartered in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, USA .
For the American premium television service, see CinemaxCinemax is an Indian Cinema Chain with 138 screens across 39 properties in India including Nasik, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Allahabad, Indore, Bhopal, Mumbai and Kolkata .
Sokrat Rachevich Jinjolia was the second Prime Minister and the second foreign minister of the internationally unrecognised Republic of Abkhazia from 1993 to 1994 .
Bagé is a municipality in the south of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil .
The Handley-Knight encircled the upper sections of the headlamps and helped enthusiasts to recognize the vehicles .
Albert Henry Thomas Irvin OBE in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to the visual arts .
The so-called Republic of Alba was a revolutionary municipality proclaimed on 26 April 1796, in Alba, northern Italy, when the town was taken by the French army .
Michie Nakatani is a former Japanese musician, singer, and songwriter and was one of the founding members of the Japanese alternative rock all-female group Shonen Knife .
George Anthony Hylton is a Jamaican politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2007 .
First Hawaiian Bank is a regional commercial bank headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii, at the First Hawaiian Center .
Bryan Burk is an American film and television producer, as well as an occasional television writer .
DJ Vame is one of Sydney's leading hip hop producers contributing over 20 years of production to the local hip hop scene .
Daniel Rodríguez is a Spaniard and Puerto Rican American operatic tenor from New York City .
Novatium Solutions Pvt Ltd is a privately held Indian company based in Chennai, India which offers what it calls a managed utility computing services .
Everett Lewis is an American independent filmmaker who has written and directed nine independent features: The Natural History of Parking Lots .
Amy Reeder , formerly known as Amy Reeder Hadley, is an American comic artist, known for her work on titles such as Fool's Gold, Madame Xanadu, and Batwoman .
Jim's Restaurants is an American chain of restaurants owned by Uptown San Antonio, Texas-based Frontier Enterprises .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Turkey is one of Toyota's ten biggest overseas manufacturing operations, and one of Turkey's biggest manufacturing companies .
Hawaii Pacific Health is a not-for-profit health care network of hospitals, clinics, physicians and care providers dedicated to the mission of improving the health and well-being of the people of Hawaii and the Pacific Region .
Laura ""Luann"" Bambrough , known professionally as L'Wren Scott, was a American stylist, fashion designer, costume designer and model .
Stacy Levy is a sculptor who works in sculptural media suggestive of ecological natural patterns and processes such as water flows .
Kang Yoon-sung , better known by his stage name K, is a pop singer from South Korea under contract in Japan .
The Kirov Plant, Kirov Factory or Leningrad Kirov Plant is a major Russian machine-building plant in St .
The State of Sequoyah was a proposed state to be established from the Indian Territory in the eastern part of present-day Oklahoma .
The National Foreign Exchange Association is a non-commercial association of commercial banks, currency exchanges, brokerage firms, and others dedicated to the development and improvement of a high standard foreign exchange market and money market in Russia .
Bossmusic is an independent record label based in London, most notable for releasing early Reuben records .
TERMINALFOUR is a leading developer and provider of web content management systems and services .
Dream is a fictional character and the protagonist of DC Comics' Vertigo comic book series The Sandman, written by Neil Gaiman .
Pakistan coastline along the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman in the south and is bordered by India to the east, Afghanistan to the west, Iran to the southwest and China in the far northeast .
The Investment Corporation of Dubai is a sovereign wealth fund owned by the government of Dubai, United Arab Emirates .
Emma Fryer is a British stand-up comedian, actress and writer from Coventry, best known for playing Tania in BBC Three's Ideal, Janine in E4's PhoneShop and Gaynor in BBC Two's Home Time, which she co-wrote with Neil Edmond .
Baia and the next was in 1345, when Baia is placed on a list of towns of the Franciscan missionaries .
Smuggler is a film, TV, commercial, music video and theatre production company founded in 2002 by Patrick Milling Smith and Brian Carmody .
Desmond Fennell is an Irish writer, cultural philosopher and linguist, whose most frequent form of writing is the essay .
The Quisling regime or Quisling government are common names used to refer to the collaborationist government led by Vidkun Quisling in occupied Norway during the Second World War .
The London General Omnibus Company or LGOC, was the principal bus operator in London between 1855 and 1933 .
Donald Fry , is a former member of the Maryland House of Delegates and the Maryland State Senate .
NewDealDesign is a San Francisco-based design studio led by founder and principal designer, Gadi Amit and a team of industrial, graphic and interaction designers and engineers who help develop new technology products .
Salatiga is a city in Central Java, Indonesia and located between the cities of Semarang and Surakarta .
Mood Media Corporation was created after the acquisition of Mood Media by Fluid Music Canada, Inc .
Bruce Olson is a Scandinavian American Christian missionary who is best known for his pioneering work in bringing Christianity to the Motilone Indians of Colombia and Venezuela .
Kaesong , a former Directly-Governed City, and the capital of Korea during the Koryo dynasty .
Macedonia or Macedon was an ancient kingdom on the northern periphery of Classical Greece and later the dominant state of Hellenistic Greece .
Kép is a township and town and capital of Lạng Giang District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
First Bank of Nigeria, sometimes referred to as FirstBank, is a Nigerian bank and financial services company .
The Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic was a short-lived socialist republic formed during the Latvian War of Independence .
Established in 1984, Larry Smith is a leading company in retail real estate known for its excellence and dynamism thanks to a team of more than 80 professionals with extensive experience in the sector .
Papeete of Papeete is located on the island of Tahiti, in the administrative subdivision of the Windward Islands, of which Papeete is the administrative capital .
Junnosuke Taguchi , is a Japanese idol, singer, radio host, actor, and a member of KAT-TUN .
Stakis Hotels was a hotel company in the United Kingdom led by Sir Reo Stakis, headquartered in Glasgow .
Catherine Karina Chmiel-Gugulska is a Polish artist and illustrator who has created drawings and pictures on many different subjects .
The religious capital or ecclesiastical capital of a region is a place considered pre-eminent by the adherents of a particular religion within that region .
The Media of Poland consist of several different types of communications media including television, radio, cinema, newspapers, magazines, and Internet .
Windecker Industries was an American aircraft manufacturer founded in 1962 as Windecker Research in Midland, Texas .
Codejock Software is based in Morrice, Michigan USA and provides reusable software components that enhance the Graphical User Interface of Windows Desktop Applications .
Harrisburg is a community that is now County until it was shortened after the demise of the City of Harrisburg .
The Houses of Refuge in Florida were a series of stations operated by the United States Life-Saving Service along the coast of Florida to rescue and shelter ship-wrecked sailors .
Mortimer Maxwell Caplin from Washington College, the University of South Carolina, and Saint Michael's College .
Marc Ernest Elisabeth Robert Juliette Verwilghen, born 21 September 1952 in Dendermonde, is a Belgian politician .
GPH, formerly known as GamePark Holdings, was a South Korean company responsible for creating the GP2X that was founded by former employees of the game maker GamePark in 2005, but went out of business with no documentation .
CDS Holding is an Italian property developer that invest, develops and constructs exclusively retail real estate projects in Italy .
Carol Cleveland is a British actress and comedian, most notable for her appearances as the only significant female performer on Monty Python's Flying Circus .
Callum Innes is a Scottish abstract painter, a former Turner Prize nominee and winner of the Jerwood Painting Prize .
Gamu-Gofa was a province in the southern part of Ethiopia, named after two of the ethnic groups living within its boundaries, the Gamo and the Goffa .
Sebastián Julián Gayarre Garjón , better known as Julián Gayarre, was a Spanish opera singer who created the role of Marcello in Donizetti's Il Duca d'Alba and Enzo in Ponchielli's La Gioconda .
Telecable is a cable company that operates in Asturias as well as mobile phone services as an MVNO since 2007 .
Robert Dahlqvist is a guitarist and vocalist most known for his work with the Swedish rockband The Hellacopters .
The Kingdom of Hereti was a kingdom in the medieval Caucasus on the Georgian-Albanian frontier .
The Protectorate of South Arabia was a grouping of 4 states located at the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula under treaties of protection with Britain .
Kip Fransis Addotta was born in Rockford, Illinois on June 16, 1944 to Frank and Josephine Addotta .
Kenta Kamakari is a Japanese actor, voice actor and singer, famous for his role as Ryo Shishido in the Prince of Tennis Musicals .
Matheson is a supplier of atmospheric gases, industrial gases, specialty gases, electronic materials, helium, propane, gas handling equipment, high performance purification systems, engineering and gas management services, and on-site gas generation, to various industries including semiconductor manufacturing, solar photovoltaics, construction, welding, propane, laboratory analysis, hospitals, wine making, and lasers .
Heffler, Radetich & Saitta LLP is one of the largest Certified Public Accountant and consulting firms in the Philadelphia region .
Dia Leif Frampton , is an American singer-songwriter and was the lead singer of the band Meg & Dia .
Barima-Waini is an administrative region of Guyana, which is located in the northwest of the country .
Kazumi Saito , but did not pitch in a regular season game after October 2007 due to various shoulder injuries .
Jutok Kaneko , who specialised in rock-based soundscapes characterised by the feeling of infinite space, desolate emotion and imminent chaos .
The Principality of Theodoro, also known as Gothia , was a small principality in the south-west of Crimea from the early 14th century until its conquest by the Ottoman Turks in 1475 .
The Republic of the Rio Grande was an independent nation that insurgents against the Central Mexican Government sought to establish in northern Mexico .
Calvert Grant DeForest , also known by his character Larry ""Bud"" Melman, was an American actor and comedian, best known for his appearances on Late Night with David Letterman and the Late Show with David Letterman .
Andreas Ibertsberger is an Austrian footballer who is currently playing for German club MSV Duisburg .
Grand Ayatollah Sadiq Hussaini Shirazi is Iraqi Shi'a Marja, and the brother of the late Grand Ayatollah Sayed Muhammad Shirazi, and a relative of Grand Ayatollah Mirza Hassan Shirazi .
Fushun Mining Group is a large state-owned coal and oil shale company located in Fushun, Liaoning Province, China .
Areshsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Agdash from 1874 until its formal abolition in 1929 by Soviet authorities .
The Jaunpur sultanate was an independent kingdom of northern India between 1394 to 1479, whose rulers ruled from Jaunpur or Jounpoor in the present day state of Uttar Pradesh .
NCIC Inmate Phone Services owns and operates the largest privately held inmate telephones company in the world .
Andriy Hrinchenko is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
The Confederate Soldiers Martyrs Monument in Eminence, Kentucky, notes the burial spot of three Confederate prisoners who were shot while imprisoned .
Indian Public Health Association shortly IPHA is a professional health organization working for the cause of Public Health in India since 1956 .
In the Western United States and Canada, open range is rangeland where cattle roam freely regardless of land ownership .
Duchy of Jawor was one of the Duchies of Silesia established in 1274 as a subdivision of the Duchy of Legnica .
The Talking Band is an American Off-Off-Broadway theatre company specializing in experimental theatre, based in New York City, New York .
Rantau Prapat is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat that if you forget to hit the brakes once you see the town, you will have passed the town .
New Crobuzon is a fictional city-state created by China Miéville and located in his fictional world of Bas-Lag .
John Warner is an American attorney and judge who was one of the five Associate Justices on the Montana Supreme Court .
The Mabetex Group, founded in 1990, is the mother company of Mabetex and other companies founded and owned by Behgjet Pacolli .
Eric Stowe Higgs is professor in the School of Environmental Studies at the University of Victoria .
Carlos Enrique Valdés Parra is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Nacional on loan from Philadelphia Union .
Paul Barnett is an English game designer who is currently the General Manager of Mythic Entertainment, a division of Electronics Arts .
Allison Leigh Alderson DeMarcus is a beauty queen from Nashville, Tennessee, who has competed in the Miss Teen USA, Miss USA and Miss America pageants .
Libya , Libya is the fourth largest country in Africa, and is the 17th largest country in the world .
The Province of Ljubljana was the central-southern area of Slovenia, the only present-day European nation and the only part of Yugoslavia that was trisected and completely annexed into neighboring Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Hungary during World War II .
Omar Tomas Wasow is an internet analyst who appears frequently on radio and television .
Gerrard „Gez“ Varley is a British Techno musician and DJ, who was member of LFO during the 1990s and later released his solo works under the moniker G-Man .
Joshua Fiedler is a musician from Latrobe, Pennsylvania who is best known for playing guitar in the band The Juliana Theory .
Universal Motown Records was a record label that operated as a division of Universal Motown Republic Group .
Shaws of Darwen is the common trading name of a manufacturer of fire clay sinks and general terracotta products .
Founded in 1997, Aspire Systems is an IT services company with presence in US, UK, BeNeLux, Middle East and India .
Opower is a publicly held Software-as-a-Service company that provides cloud-based software to the utility industry and transforms the way utilities relate to their customers .
Lubuk Pakam is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Deli Serdang Regency .
Bunda Chitungy Chibwe has been a member of the Council of Twelve Apostles of the Community of Christ since 2000 .
Andrea Ciliberti is a beauty queen from Kansas City, Missouri who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Palombia is a fictitious South American country described in the Belgian Spirou et Fantasio and Marsupilami comic book stories as the birthplace and native habitat of Marsupilami .
Isabel Gallardo was a Chilean resident of the United States who was married to American U .
Company rule in India refers to the rule or dominion of the British East India Company on the Indian subcontinent .
Horn & Hardart was a food services company in the United States noted for operating the first food service automats in Philadelphia and New York City .
TuneIn is a privately held company based in Palo Alto, California founded by Bill Moore as RadioTime in Dallas, Texas in 2002 .
Jenna Grattan is a Canadian professional wrestler better known by her ring name Portia Perez .
William Lee Golden , a native of Brewton, Alabama, is an American country music singer .
André Couto is a Macanese motor racing driver who is best known for winning his home F3 Grand Prix in 2000 .
Stelios Venetidis is a former Greek football defender who last played normally for Larissa in the left-back position but can also played on the left side of midfield .
The People's Revolutionary Government was proclaimed on 13 March 1979 after the New Jewel Movement overthrew the government of Grenada in a revolution .
The Warsangali Sultanate was a Somali imperial ruling house centered in northeastern and in some parts of southeastern Somalia .
Arocet Inc was an American aircraft manufacturer established by Tom Hamilton in Arlington, Washington in the 1980s to market military derivatives of the Glasair III homebuilt aircraft that Hamilton had worked on as part of Stoddard-Hamilton Aircraft .
Al-Faw is a small port on the Al Faw Peninsula in Iraq near the Shatt al-Arab and the Persian Gulf .
Hwange Colliery is the name of a company in Zimbabwe and of its associated coal mine .
Ukrposhta is the national state enterprise of postal service of Ukraine, a member of Universal Postal Union since 1947 .
Sidney ""Sid"" Jenkins is a fictional character in the television series Skins portrayed by Mike Bailey .
Hakluyt & Company is a British strategic intelligence and advisory firm, and since 2011 has been a trading name of the renamed company Holdingham Group Limited .
Tiago Filipe Figueiras Gomes is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club APOEL FC as a central midfielder .
Bobby Crush is an English pianist, songwriter, actor and television presenter, originally from Leyton in East London .
The March of Verona and Aquileia was a vast march of the Holy Roman Empire in northeastern Italy during the Middle Ages, centered on the cities of Verona and Aquileia .
Preceptor Aircraft is an American aircraft kit manufacturer located in Lake Lure, North Carolina, producing kits for homebuilt monoplanes .
The Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce in 2003, Hong Kong’s economy was given a strong shot in the arm to help it get back on its feet with the signing of CEPA, which gave Hong Kong companies access to the enormous China market .
Livadeia NW of Athens, E of Nafpaktos, ESE of Amfissa and Desfina, SE of Lamia and west of Chalkida .
Robin Lawrie is a freelance illustrator and author who has illustrated over 300 books in his 40 year career and written 24 .
NComputing is a desktop virtualization company that manufactures hardware and software to create virtual desktops which enable multiple users to simultaneously share a single operating system instance .
Luggnagg is an island kingdom, one of the imaginary countries visited by Lemuel Gulliver in the satire Gulliver's Travels by Anglo-Irish author Jonathan Swift .
Feline Fuelled Games is a German video game mod group whose campaigns for the role-playing games Neverwinter Nights 2 by Obsidian and Dragon Age: Origins by BioWare have received critical acclaim in the German video game press .
The Kingdom of Great Britain, officially Great Britain , was a sovereign state in western Europe from 1 May 1707 to 31 December 1800 .
Randy Sharp is a country music singer-songwriter and guitarist who has written songs for Clay Walker, Patty Loveless, Reba McEntire, and the Dixie Chicks .
The Wensleydale Railway is a heritage railway in Wensleydale and Lower Swaledale in North Yorkshire, England .
Marina Sergeevna Lizorkina is a Russian singer and former member of girl group Serebro which she left in 2009 .
Groupe Steria SCA is a multinational information technology services company headquartered in Vélizy-Villacoublay, France .
National Foods Limited is a Pakistani company founded in 1970, which started out as a spice company .
The Titas Gas Transmission and Distribution Company and served 987,507 domestic customers, 7,947 commercial customers, and 3,046 industrial customers .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo , DR Congo has a low level of human development, ranking 186 out of 187 countries .
KEC International Limited RPG Group, engaged in laying of power transmission lines on EPC globally .
Monywa is a city in Sagaing Region, Myanmar, located 136 km northwest of Mandalay on the eastern bank of the River Chindwin .
Zachary Baird, born February 16, 1971 in Orange County, California, is a keyboardist and pianist, currently collaborating with the band Korn .
Dame Ann Patricia Dowling DBE, FRS, FREng is a British mechanical engineer who researches combustion, acoustics and vibration, focusing on efficient, low-emission combustion and reduced road vehicle and aircraft noise .
Tunisia of coastline includes the African conjunction of the western and eastern parts of the Mediterranean Basin and, by means of the Sicilian Strait and Sardinian Channel, features the African mainland's second and third nearest points to Europe after Gibraltar .
Joshua Ray Burkman is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship's Welterweight division .
Sentrigo was a privately held software company located in Santa Clara, California, USA, until its acquisition in April, 2011 by McAfee .
The Karachi Shipyard & Engineering Works Limited , Fabrication Shops, one machine shop and other supporting facilities like Carpentry, Pipe Fitting and Light Steel Fabrication Shop .
Filip Tihomir Petrovski, PhD in political science is a Macedonian intellectual, political activist and librarian .
Tịnh Biên is an urban municipality and capital town of the Tịnh Biên District of An Giang Province, Vietnam .
The Confederate Monument in Owingsville in Bath County, Kentucky, near Owingsville, Kentucky, commemorates the Confederate soldiers who hailed from Bath County .
China Minsheng Bank , founded on January 12, 1996, in Beijing, is the first bank in China to be owned mostly by non-government enterprises .
Malé when the city was remodelled under President Ibrahim Nasir's rule in the aftermath of the abolition of the monarchy .
The Minority Press was a short-lived British publishing house founded in 1930 by Gordon Fraser .
In Greek mythology, Schoeneus was the name of several individuals:Schoeneus, a Boeotian king, the son of Athamas and Themisto .
Koolade is a Croatian hip-hop manager Phat Phillie realized that his production would make a good export, and continued to expand his work throughout Europe and the US, where he is perhaps best known for his production work on Masta Ace's ""Beautiful"" on the album A Long Hot Summer, as well as a number of other prominent American hip-hop artists such as Ghostface Killah of the Wu Tang Clan, Bow Wow, Sadat X, Styles P, Diamond D, Das EFX, Peedi Crakk, and others .
The Children's Apparel Network is an American company whose products include department and specialty store layette, newborn and infant apparel .
An Islamic state , a modern Islamic state can incorporate modern political institutions such as elections, parliamentary rule, judicial review, and popular sovereignty .
The Free City of Danzig, sometimes referred to as the Republic of Danzig, was a semi-independent city state established by Napoleon on 9 September 1807, during the time of the Napoleonic Wars following the capture of the city in the Siege of Danzig in May .
Aiden Byrne is an English chef, best known as the owner of a number of establishments including The Collingwood, a bar and restaurant in West Kirby .
The Sanjak of Alexandretta and became autonomous under Article 7 of the French-Turkish treaty of October 20, 1921: ""A special administrative regime shall be established for the district of Alexandretta .
Anjou , while the Crown of England passed to Henry II’s fifth son and Richard’s youngest brother, John .
Odessa Oblast is an oblast or province of southwestern Ukraine located along the northern coast of the Black Sea .
Garry Cobain is a British electronic musician, and one half of The Future Sound of London .
Pioneer Productions is a British television production company based in London, United Kingdom, specialising in scientific and other documentary productions .
The Confederate Monument of Cadiz, in Cadiz, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 .
Rick Alexander Lazaroff in Toronto, Ontario is a Canadian bassist, musician best known for his work with rock trio Santers .
Byrd Polar Research Center , is a polar, alpine, and climate research center at Ohio State University .
Peter Aaron Ho , known by the stage name Pete Miser, is an Asian-American Hip Hop rapper and producer living in New York City .
Tobias ""Eggi"" Exxel, born 27 February 1973, is the current bass player for the power metal band Edguy .
July Systems is a mobile app development platform and solutions provider based in San Francisco, California, United States – With offices in Bangalore, India .
Missha is a South Korea-based skincare and cosmetics manufacturer, retailer and a franchise business .
Jerry Obern Scheff with the singer Janson Bloomer, playing the greatest hits of Elvis Presley, Bob Dylan, and the Doors .
The Marquisate of Finale was an Italian state in what is now Liguria, part of the former medieval Aleramici March .
The Oxford Bookstore formerly known as Oxford Bookstore and Stationery Company is an Indian book store-chain established in 1920 .
BorderStone Press is a limited liability publishing company located in the United States that publishes works of historical fiction, children's literature, history, science, current issues and religion .
Eastern Uusimaa was a region in Finland, until it was consolidated with the region of Uusimaa on January 1, 2011 .
West Virginia is a state located in the Appalachian region of the Southern United States .
L’Espace Francophone pour la Recherche, le Développement et l'Innovation , or the Francophone Area for Research, Development and Innovation is an international consortium research of strengthening collaboration between North-South researchers and experts .
RHI AG is a Vienna-based Austrian company specialising in producing heat-resistant refractory products for the steel, cement, glass, lime and non-ferrous metals industries .
Sasha Aleksi Mäkilä is a Finnish conductor and currently Music Director of the St .
Star Select manages commercial distribution, sales, advertising sales and marketing for STAR's bouquet of 13 channels for the entire Middle East .
Giá Rai is a township and town and capital of Giá Rai District, Bạc Liêu Province, in south-western Vietnam .
Amanda Somerville is an American singer-songwriter and vocal coach, known primarily for her work with many European symphonic metal bands .
CPDcast is a UK-based service producing and distributing Continuing Professional Development , CPDcast was launched in autumn 2007 to allow solicitors, barristers and other legal professionals to fulfil their annual CPD requirements by listening to professionally recorded podcasts about their chosen area of law .
Sonia Oback is an American comic book colorist who is best known for her work on the Top Cow Productions series Witchblade .
Piccard Balloons, along with Raven Industries , was among the first manufacturers of hot air balloons .
For the current top-level subdivision of Nelson in New Zealand, see Nelson, New ZealandThe Nelson Province constituted in 1853 under the New Zealand Constitution Act 1852 and covered the entire upper South Island, including all of the present-day Buller, Kaikoura, Marlborough, Nelson, Tasman as well as the Grey District north of the Grey River and the Hurunui District north of the Hurunui River .
For the fictional character from the Al-Qadim campaign setting of Dungeons & Dragons, see Selan is an American musician, singer, songwriter, composer, arranger, musical director and producer who is known for combining electronic, pop, and soul music .
CycloMedia is a Dutch company specialised in the large-scale and systematic visualisation of environments based on 360° panoramic photographs .
Young Chris , he is often confused with rapper Yung Chris and incorrectly credited as the performer of the song ""Racks"" .
The Library Project is a non-profit organization that donates books and libraries to under financed schools and orphanages in China and Vietnam .
The Skeptics' Guide to the Universe is a weekly, 80 minute podcast hosted by Steven Novella, MD, and a panel of ""skeptical rogues"" .
Öhlins or Öhlins Racing AB, is a manufacturer of high-performance suspension systems for automotive, motorcycle, snowmobile, and ATV use .
Lalitha Lenin was also the Head of the Department of Library and Information Science, University of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram .
Infocom was a software company, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, that produced numerous works of interactive fiction .
Nedelcho Krumov Beronov is a Bulgarian jurist, right-wing politician and Constitutional Court chairman, as well as a presidential candidate in the 2006 presidential elections .
Pichincha is a province of Ecuador located in the northern sierra region; its capital and largest city is Quito .
The City of Monterey in Monterey County is located on the southern edge of Monterey Bay, on Central California's Pacific coast .
The Northern Qi was one of the Northern dynasties of Chinese history and ruled northern China from 550 to 577 .
Anas Sarwar, MP is a British Labour Party politician and has been the Member of Parliament for Glasgow Central since 6 May 2010, succeeding his father Mohammad Sarwar, the first-ever Muslim MP in the UK .
King Solomon ""Sol"" White was an American professional baseball infielder, manager and executive, and one of the pioneers of the Negro leagues .
Aspen Education Group is an American company that provides therapeutic interventions for adolescents and young adults, including wilderness therapy programs, residential treatment centers, therapeutic boarding schools, and weight loss programs .
Aforementioned Productions is an American independent production company and small press, founded in early 2005 by poet Randolph Pfaff and writer Carissa Halston .
Arnold Odermatt is a celebrated Swiss police photographer whose work spanned more than 40 years .
Severn Link is a ferry operating company which intends to provide ferry services across the Bristol Channel in England and Wales .
WorkerExpress, based in San Francisco, California, is the first branchless provider of temporary skilled labor to the construction industry and other light industry .
Andrey Petrovich Vavilov is a Russian politician and businessman, senator and a former first deputy finance minister of Russia, and the former Russian secretary of state .
Allied Publishers is an Indian-based academic and literary publishing house, established in 1934 by M .
Liquid Comics is a comic book company, founded in 2006 as Virgin Comics LLC, which produced stories for an international audience .
Gyro Gearloose is a fictional character, an anthropomorphic chicken created by Carl Barks for The Walt Disney Company .
Christopher Fitzgerald is an American transmedia artist working primarily in painting, digital video and web-based systems .
West Florida was a region on the north shore of the Gulf of Mexico, which underwent several boundary and sovereignty changes during its history .
Gorgias , was a Greek sophist, Italiote, pre-Socratic philosopher and rhetorician who was a native of Leontini in Sicily .
Dnata is one of the largest suppliers of combined air services in the world offering aircraft ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering services across five continents .
Tide ASA is a public transport company in Hordaland, Norway which resulted from the merger of Gaia Trafikk and Hardanger Sunnhordlandske Dampskipsselskap .
The New Zealand Company originated in London in 1837 as the New Zealand Association with the aim of promoting the systematic colonisation of New Zealand .
Empire Pictures was an American small scale theatrical distribution company that was formed in 1983 by Charles Band, as a response to the dissatisfaction of how his films were distributed by motion picture companies while making films under the banner of Charles Band International Productions .
Transco was founded in October 1936, with its business mainly focused on servicing the railroad industry .
Brandon Peterson is an American comic book writer and artist, known for his work on Marvel Comics's Uncanny X-Men and Top Cow's Codename: Strykeforce in the 1990s .
Pale is a town in Pale Township, Monywa District, in southern Sagaing Region, Burma .
Kinef is a Russian joint stock production association operating a large oil refinery based in Kirishi, Leningrad Oblast .
This is a list of the States and Union Territories of India in order of literacy rate .
Ben Katchor is an American cartoonist best known for his comic strip Julius Knipl, Real Estate Photographer .
Charles William Siemens FRSA was a German-born engineer who for most of his life worked in Britain and later became a British subject .
Avital Tamir is an Israeli musician best known for his work as the lead singer for successful metal band Betzefer and for his experimental pop trio On Shoulders of Giants .
Priyamani is an Indian film actress and model, who appears mainly in films made in southern India .
Bamir Myrteza Topi was the fifth President of Albania from 24 July 2007 to 24 July 2012 .
Julie Patrice Henderson is an American model known for her appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue .
Karen Kay is the pen name for Karen Kay Elstner, an American author of historical romance novels .
Young Playwrights' Theater is a not-for-profit theater arts-based education organization in Northwest Washington, D .
Yulia Stanislavovna Savicheva is a Russian singer who represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 which was held in Istanbul, Turkey .
Paris Theodore was an American inventor of innovative gun holsters and state-of-the-art firearms and shooting techniques used by government agents and police departments in the U .
White Line Hotels Limited is a London-based hospitality group representing 42 hotels essentially in Europe across 16 countries .
Crown Cruise Line was a small, upper-class cruise operator, which was founded by Oddmund Grundstad and Grundstad Maritime Overseas Inc .
The British Columbia Transmission Corporation was a Crown corporation in the province of British Columbia, Canada .
Benziger Brothers was a Roman Catholic book publishing house founded by Joseph Charles Benziger, in 1792, in Einsiedeln Switzerland .
Susan Batson is an American producer, actress, author, acting coach, and a life member of the Actors Studio .
Laboratórios Basi, usually known as BASI for short, is a privately owned Portuguese pharmaceutical company, which initiated its activity in 1956, dedicated to the development, manufacture and marketing of medicinal products for human use and other health products .
The Birim Central Municipal District is one of the twenty-one districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
The Commercial Bank of Eritrea is the only banking institution in Eritrea with full retail commercial banking services .
James is a musician, artist, political activist, and respected typographer who is best known for his work as the lead singer and founder of the Industrial band Die Warzau .
Brett McBean is best known as an award winning Australian horror, thriller and speculative fiction writer .
Rachel Renee Smith is an American beauty queen and television personality from Clarksville, Tennessee, who won the Miss USA pageant in 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
Atac is a brand of predominantly food stores operating supermarkets, created by the Docks de France in 1985 and is a subsidiary of the Auchan Group, since 1998 .
ClickTale is an Israeli Internet company founded in 2006, that provides customer experience analytics and web analytics services .
Sharp's Brewery is an English regional brewery company founded in 1994 in St Minver Lowlands, Rock, Cornwall, by Bill Sharp .
The Duchy of Sorrento was a small peninsular principality of the Early Middle Ages centred on the Italian city of Sorrento .
Edinburgh but political power moved south to London after the Union of the Crowns in 1603 and the Union of Parliaments in 1707 .
William Graham JP is a Conservative politician and currently Shadow Leader of the House in the National Assembly for Wales .
Papua New Guinea , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia, a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia .
Rick Clunn is a professional bass fisherman from La Porte, TX who currently resides in Ava, Missouri .
Darfur when the Tunjur were ruling the country and who had been replaced by the Fur recent immigrants from Dar Fartit in the Central Africa .
Ebenezer, also known as New Ebenezer, is a ghost town in Effingham County, Georgia, United States, along the banks of Ebenezer Creek .
The Kara Koyunlu or Qara Qoyunlu, also called the Black Sheep Turkomans , north-western Iran, eastern Turkey and Iraq from about 1375 to 1468 .
Xtreem Music is an independent Spanish record label, founded after the collapse of Repulse Records in 2002, and managed by Dave Rotten .
Sibiri Alain Traoré commonly known as Alain Traoré, is a Burkinabé footballer who mainly plays as a striker for AS Monaco, on loan from FC Lorient, and the Burkina Faso national team .
Derek Murray is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Dublin and Round Towers .
WAMITAB is a registered charity and Awarding Organisation that develops qualifications and certificates competence for those working in waste, resource management, recycling, cleaning, street cleansing and facilities management .
NASCAR Mexico is a joint-venture between NASCAR and OCESA, a Mexican entertainment company, aiming to develop, manage and operate local motorsports events and oversee television distribution, sponsorship and licensing .
Abdulhadi Abdulla Hubail al-Khawaja , a nonprofit non-governmental organisation which works to promote human rights in Bahrain .
Dennis Calero is an American comic book artist and illustrator, known for his work on titles such as X Factor, Legion of Superheroes, and Kolchak .
Gerard Francis Martin MP , a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Bathurst between 1999 and 2011 for the Australian Labor Party .
Kigali, with population of more than 1 million , is the capital and largest city of Rwanda .
The Protectorate was the period during the Commonwealth , Ireland and Scotland were governed by a Lord Protector .
Ákos Takács is a Hungarian professional football player, who currently Plays for Győri ETO FC .
Femi Temowo is a Nigerian-born British jazz guitarist, musical director, producer and broadcaster described by Time Out magazine as ""one of Europe's finest and most sought after guitarists .
Leopoldo Torre Nilsson was published in 2006 by the newspaper La Nación and the Aguilar editorial house .
Entertainment UK Limited was a retail supply and distribution company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Woolworths Group .
In quantum chemistry, n-electron valence state perturbation theory is a perturbative treatment applicable to multireference CASCI-type wavefunctions .
The Central African Empire was a short-lived, self-declared ""constitutional monarchy"", but in reality an absolute monarchy under a single-party military dictatorship, that replaced the Central African Republic and was, in turn, replaced by the restoration of the Republic .
Lycia et Pamphylia was the name of a province of the Roman empire, located in southern Anatolia .
Hillary Carlip is an American award-winning, best-selling author and visual artist, whose work has been featured in a museum show alongside Andy Warhol and Damien Hirst .
Federico Guillermo Lussenhoff is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Gitarama was one of the former twelve provinces prior to its dissolution in January 2006 .
The County of Montbéliard , was a feudal county of the Holy Roman Empire based around the city of Montbéliard in the present-day Franche-Comté region of France .
Todd Mohney is an American guitarist, who formerly played guitar for the melodic hardcore band Rise Against .
Charles Rozanski is a German-American retailer and columnist, known as the President and CEO of the Denver, Colorado-based Mile High Comics Inc .
Spreadshirt is an internet company offering an online platform for private individuals and commercial organizations to design, buy and sell creative and personalized apparel .
Founded in 1977, Kadey-Krogen Yachts is one of the oldest manufacturers of long-range capable, recreational trawler yachts in the U .
Syarhey Pyatrovich Amelyanchuk is a football player from Belarus who plays for Minsk in the Belarusian Premier League and the Belarus national football team .
Panama , is the southernmost country of Central America and the whole of North America .
Shadow Records was launched in 1995 as an Instinct Records sub-label to focus on the more organic side of the underground electronic music scene .
In Greek mythology, Astydameia or Astydamea, Astydamia, is a name attributed to five individuals .
SplendidCRM produces open source Customer Relationship Management software developed in C# for the ASP .
Assam State Transport Corporation or ASTC is an Indian transport organization which provides bus services within Assam and adjoining states .
Formed in 2006 December 1 DataBlender began as a collective sound system based in London, England .
Anthony Borden Ward better known as Tony Ward, is an American model and actor .
Kamal Humphrey De Iruretagoyena, better known by his stage name Radioinactive, is an indie hip hop artist from Los Angeles, California .
Kanawha was a proposed name for the 39 counties which later became the main body of the U .
Carl Gustaf Christer Pettersson was a Swedish criminal who was a suspect in the 1986 assassination of Olof Palme, the Prime Minister of Sweden .
Linda Birgitta Bengtzing is a Swedish pop singer, famous for her participation in the fourth season of Fame Factory in Sweden and for her entries at Melodifestivalen 2005, 2006, 2008, 2011 and 2014 .
Alexander Yevseyevich Khinshtein governments and business and the creation of the class of oligarchs during Eltsin's presidency .
Musalaha is a non-profit organization that works towards reconciliation between Israelis and Palestinians based on the Biblical principles of peace, justice, and love .
Shwebo is a city in Sagaing Region, 110 km northwest of Mandalay between the Irrawaddy and the Mu rivers .
Mind Storm Labs is a media production company located in Ottawa, Ontario; Houston, Texas and Orlando, Florida .
Mark Griskey , Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II The Sith Lords, and Star Wars: The Old Republic as well as several titles for Disney Publishing Worldwide .
Katharina Franck is German singer-songwriter who became famous with her band Rainbirds and has produced several solo albums .
Sigma Motors Limited was founded in 1994 and is responsible for the marketing and assembly of Land Rover 4x4's in Pakistan .
Pöhla was a municipality lying in the valley of the river Pöhlwasser, in the district of Aue-Schwarzenberg in Saxony, Germany .
The Federal Sentencing Guidelines are rules that set out a uniform sentencing policy for individuals and organizations convicted of felonies and serious misdemeanors in the United States federal courts system .
Camille Spinello Andrews is an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who was initially a candidate in the 2008 United States House of Representatives elections in New Jersey, running to represent New Jersey's 1st congressional district .
Nicholas Ribic is a Canadian who fought in the Bosnian Serb Army where he was also known as Nikola Ribić .
Alexandra ""Alex"" Hoffman is a beauty queen and athlete from Eureka, South Dakota, who competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and placed in the Top 15 at Miss America 2009 .
Abel & Imray is a United Kingdom firm of patent and trade mark attorneys, with offices in London, Bath, and Cardiff, with a small presence in Munich .
Bae Min-hee is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Strands is a global provider of personalization and recommendation solutions that empower financial institutions and online retailers to offer superior customer experience within their digital channels .
Frisia or Friesland is a coastal region along the southeastern corner of the North Sea, i .
Álvaro Barba López is a Spanish racing driver and brother to fellow racer Marco Barba .
The Institute of Customer Service is the independent, professional body for customer service delivering tangible benefits to organisations and individuals so that they can improve their customers’ experience and their own business performance .
Meteor Games was an independent online gaming studio formed in 2007 by Neopets founders Adam Powell and Donna Powell .
The Confederate Monument of Bardstown, in Bardstown, Kentucky was erected in 1903 in the Bardstown erect the individual gravemarkers .
BUF Compagnie is a French visual effects company, specializing in CGI for feature films, commercials, and music videos .
Rex Pemberton is an extreme sport participant and motivational speaker, best known as being the youngest Australian ever to climb Mount Everest .
Teatro Tomasino is the university-wide theater guild of the University of Santo Tomas in Manila, Philippines .
Montrain is a Canadian National Railway subsidiary responsible for the operation of the Agence métropolitaine de transport's Deux-Montagnes and Mont-Saint-Hilaire commuter train lines using CN trackage .
Oda Nobuhide was a warlord and magistrate of lower Owari Province during the Sengoku period of Japan .
San Juan is a province of Argentina, located in the western part of the country .
The Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia , also known as the Cilician Armenia, Kingdom of Cilician Armenia, Kingdom of Cilicia or New Armenia, was an independent principality formed during the High Middle Ages by Armenian refugees fleeing the Seljuk invasion of Armenia .
Ágota Lykovcán is a Hungarian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Gary Mauer is an actor who most recently starred in the third national tour of The Phantom of the Opera playing the role of the Phantom .
Loomis Fall is an American songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician and actor who has performed with several rock and punk bands, most notably with Wax, an early-1990s California pop-punk band, which was compared to the likes of the Ramones and the Pixies .
The Asian-Oceanian Computing Industry Organization is a grouping of ICT industry associations representing the Asian-Oceania region .
Paulist Productions was founded in 1960 by the Paulist priest Father Ellwood ""Bud"" Kieser to produce the religious television program Insight .
Institute of Sindhology is one of the major resources on the history of Sindh .
Nikola Višňová Slovak national champions and placed as high as 5th at the World Junior Championships in 2011 .
Pathari is a formerly princely state of India, administratively under the Bhopal Agency subdivision of the Central India Agency .
The Nordic Development Fund is the joint multilateral development finance institution of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden .
Otep Shamaya was born in Austin, Texas, November 7, 1979 and is an American singer-songwriter, actress, poet, writer, and painter .
Meureudu or Keude Meureudu is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Pidie Jaya Regency .
Evergreen Packaging, located in Canton, North Carolina; America's largest producer of table-top juice and milk cartons in addition to a variety of papers for other uses .
Sofia Mestari is a French singer of Moroccan origin, at the age of ten she moved to Paris with her family .
Casco Schutzhelme based in Bretnig-Hauswalde, Germany, is a protection headwear producing company from Germany which has two production sites located in Bretnig-Hauswalde and Satu Mare, Romania and is specialised in producing helmets and safety glassess .
Storables is a specialty retail chain that carries a variety of products aimed at helping consumers organize their homes and work spaces in the West Coast of the United States .
The Kingdom of Nekor was an emirate in the Rif area of modern-day Morocco, with its capital initially at Temsaman but later at Nekor .
Silja Line is a Finnish cruiseferry brand operated by the Estonian ferry company AS Tallink Grupp, for car and passenger traffic between Finland and Sweden .
Morten Abel Knutsen, , better known by his stage name Morten Abel is a Norwegian pop artist, and one of Norway's best-selling domestic artists .
Junk King is a junk removal and hauling company with over 50 franchise territories in the United States and Canada .
Miraj Junior was one of two Maratha princely states during the British Raj: 'Miraj Senior' and Miraj Junior .
Founded in 1956, KORAY Holding is one of Turkey’s leading construction companies and has a well deserved reputation for being Turkey’s most experienced general contractor of prestigious building projects .
The Istituto Superiore Internazionale di Scienze Criminali is a not-for-profit organisation located in Syracuse, Italy, that was established in 1972 .
Novacaixagalicia was the trading name of Caixa de Aforros de Galicia, Vigo, Ourense e Pontevedra a Spanish savings bank based in Galicia .
The House of Refuge at Gilbert's Bar, also known as Gilbert's Bar House of Refuge, the House of Refuge Museum, or simply the House of Refuge, is an historic building located at 301 S .
Guangshen Railway Company Limited is the operator of Guangshen Railway, the 152-kilometre railway link between Guangzhou and Shenzhen in Guangdong, China .
Isabel Province in the province, but visitors are advised to exchange their currency while in Honiara, the capital of the Solomon Islands .
Swarna Mallawarachchi the award-winning Sri Lankan film actress, also known as the ""Golden star of Sinhalese cinema"" .
The Treaties of Portage des Sioux were a series of treaties at Portage des Sioux, Missouri in 1815 that officially were supposed to mark the end of conflicts between the United States and Native Americans at the conclusion of the War of 1812 .
Michael Barry Donegan is an American singer, songwriter, writer, political activist, and political candidate best known as the lead singer of the rock band Look What I Did .
Darlington Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Darlington, County Durham, England .
Following are lists of African Union members: List of African Union member states by political system List of African Union member states by population .
Homosexual activity is legal in the Federated States of Micronesia, LGBT individuals do not have any legal protections in terms of discrimination legislation or hate crimes .
Bukta is an English sports clothing brand which was founded in 1879 in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England .
Carmen Media Group Limited is a global gaming and entertainment group, licensed in Gibraltar, operating seven online casinos, online poker rooms and an online sportsbook .
Chợ Mới is a township and capital town of Chợ Mới District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam .
Rebecca 'Beki' Onslow nicknamed Boo Boo by her friends is a Welsh singer song writer dancer who is most famous as a lead singer and a member of the 1990s English Girlband Solid HarmoniE .
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , and its most prominent center of learning in the Peshawar Valley, Takht-i-Bahi .
Mohanbhai Sanjibhai Delkar is an Indian politician and presently, a member of the Indian National Congress .
Ben Dunne Gyms is an Irish chain of Gyms, with nine locations in Ireland and The UK .
Wallsend Slipway & Engineering Company Ltd was formerly an independent company, located on the River Tyne at Point Pleasant, near Wallsend, Tyne & Wear, around a mile downstream from the Swan Hunter shipyard, with which it later merged .
Belle Barth , née Annabelle Salzman, was a Jewish-American comedian who worked primarily during the 1950s and 1960s .
Dominic John Sebastian Knight and ""drove"" around Sydney in the wake of Chas and Julian's arrest for entering a restricted zone without justification during the APEC Summit .
AECI Limited is a South African chemicals group and is listed on the JSE Securities Exchange .
Jimmy Jean-Louis is a Haitian actor and model best known for his role as The Haitian on the NBC television series Heroes .
Caçapava do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, located on the banks of the Camaquã River .
Anthem Education Group is a Florida-based organization that operates a chain of private, for-profit, technical schools in the United States .
Culver CityBus is a public transport agency operating in Culver City, California, currently serving Culver City, the unincorporated community of Marina del Rey, and the adjacent Los Angeles neighborhoods .
Venda was a bantustan in northern South Africa, bordering Zimbabwe and is now part of Limpopo province .
Elizabeth Jane Kucinich and a congressional liaison for former President of the United Nations General Assembly .
Bent Høie is a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party who has been Minister of Health and Care Services since 16 October 2013 .
Aleesha Rome, also known later in her career as Ivy York, is an Australian pop singer best known for her single ""Search My Heaven"" .
John Cummings is a Scottish musician and record producer, best known for being a member of Glaswegian band Mogwai, mostly playing guitar, as well as programming, keyboards and vocals .
Southern Nigeria was a British protectorate in the coastal areas of modern-day Nigeria formed in 1900 from union of the Niger Coast Protectorate with territories chartered by the Royal Niger Company below Lokoja on the Niger River .
Ile-Rien is a fictional country which is the setting for five fantasy novels by Martha Wells .
Natasha Khan , and received Mercury Prize nominations for Fur and Gold and Two Suns .
Tribal Group plc is an education support services company with headquarters in Bristol in the United Kingdom .
White Wallachia was a Byzantine term for the region between the Danube and the Balkan mountain .
Uberflip makes content perform by centralizing it into one immersive experience, to increase key engagement metrics and generate leads .
Haron Amin was the Afghan ambassador to Japan and non-resident ambassador to Thailand, the Philippines and Singapore from 2004 to 2009 .
Alderman Samuel Gardiner MBE JP MLA in 1963 and held office of Mayor in that borough in 1968 .
The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers is a professional body of engineers in Hong Kong .
N Brown Group plc is a British home shopping business based in Manchester, England .
Baba Sy was a Senegalese international draughts player and the first world champion from Africa .
Latacunga is a plateau town of Ecuador, capital of the Cotopaxi Province, 89 km Often mixed with ají, a type of condiment that can be mild to very spicy depending on how it's prepared .
Techstars is a mentorship-driven startup accelerator founded by David Cohen, Brad Feld, David Brown, and Jared Polis that holds 13 week programs for startups in Boulder, New York City, Boston, Seattle, San Antonio, Austin, Chicago and London .
Regroup is a communications platform for organizations that offers forums, group management, mailing list management, intranet, emergency messaging, group SMS, text messages, and social media .
InduSoft is a supplier of HMI/SCADA software, having sold more than 250,000 software licenses worldwide through direct and partner sales .
Players Music Accessories , has been in business for 25 years and has since been relocated to Mesa, Arizona in November 2002 .
Experian Hitwise is a division of Experian that measures website traffic by collecting data directly from ISP networks .
Rory MacGregor is a British actor, who has played a variety of roles on television, generally in the 2000s .
Plan-B Theatre Company is one of three professional theatre companies in Salt Lake City, Utah .
Long Hải is a township and town in Long Điền District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, in Vietnam .
Alfred Frenzel was a West German member of parliament, who was secretly conducting espionage for Czechoslovakia while serving on the Bundestag's Defense Committee .
Pematangsiantar and has been elevated to Kota - its population was 219,319 in 1990 Census, 242,756 in 2000 Census, and 229,525 in the 2005 Intercensal count .
Anthon Berg was a famous Danish chocolatier and the name of a corporate division within Toms International .
Antonieto Dumagan Cabajog , often known as Bishop Yiet or Monsignor Yiet, is a Filipino Roman Catholic bishop from Bohol, Philippines, as of 2012 bishop of the Diocese of Surigao .
Safeguard Guaranty Corporation, in partnership with Prime Insurance Company, was the first company in the world to offer Divorce Insurance .
Samuel Forrest is the lead singer and guitarist for Nine Black Alps, a member of The Sorry Kisses and a solo singer-songwriter .
Le Chant du monde is the oldest French record label and music publishing house in activity .
François Le Diascorn is a French photographer, close to the humanist school, who has developed a poetic vision of the world through his unusual images in which a dream-like world seems to superimpose itself upon reality .
Rock Steady Group Was a group of companies that was involved in stewarding and security at many major events in the United Kingdom .
Owain Phyfe was a vocalist, instrumentalist, composer, and the founder of Nightwatch Recording, which concentrates on Renaissance and Medieval music .
Anton Schwartz is an American jazz saxophonist and composer based in Seattle, Washington and Oakland, California .
The Kingdom of Warri is a traditional state based on the town of Warri in Delta State, Nigeria .
Citroën , Citroën was the first mass-production car company outside the USA and pioneered the modern concept of creating a sales and services network that complements the motor car .
Upper Abkhazia is a term introduced in 2006, to denote the northeastern part of the disputed territory of Abkhazia, that had remained under Georgian control after the 1992 - 1993 War in Abkhazia .
The Biologics Business Unit of Intas Pharmaceuticals Limited was formerly an independent biotechnology company and was known as Intas Biopharmaceuticals Ltd .
The Sarawan Country was a division of the former princely state of Kalat in Baluchistan, Pakistan, with an area 4,339 square miles .
Huddart Parker Ltd was an Australian shipping company trading in various forms between 1876 and 1961 .
Inversiones y Representaciones Sociedad Anónima is the leading real estate development firm in Argentina .
Data Processing Iran Company , and offers infrastructure services, hosting services, and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology .
Trier was one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located in the west of the state .
Headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, the Viztel Solutions Group is involved in the business of developing and marketing of voice technologies and telecom software services .
The Kennaway Fine Art Guild is an association of artists from the South West of England .
Manila North Tollways Corporation, based in Caloocan City, Metropolitan Manila, the Philippines, is the builder and concessionaire of the North Luzon Expressway .
Hamilton Lane is a private markets investing company with more than $220 billion in total assets under management and supervision .
Frontier Agriculture Ltd is the UK’s largest crop inputs and grain marketing business, jointly owned by Associated British Foods and Cargill plc .
The Hollier, also known as the Vincent-Hollier, was an automobile built in Chelsea and Jackson, Michigan by Charles Lewis, president of the Lewis Spring and Axle Company from 1915-21 .
FASA Corporation was an American publisher of role-playing games, wargames and board games between 1980 and 2001, after which they closed publishing operations for several years, becoming an IP holding company under the name FASA Inc .
Anthony Carr ""Tony"" Lash is an American musician and music producer, most notable as a founding member of Heatmiser as the band's drummer .
Yinchuan is the capital of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China, and former capital of the Western Xia Empire of the Tanguts .
Piauí , and the capital, Teresina, is the only state capital in the northeast to be located inland .
Jörg Burger is a music producer who has had several releases on Kompakt as Triola, including a full length album Triola im Fünftonraum in 2004 .
Alto Reed has released an album Tonight We Ride, with musicians Jimmy McCarty and Johnny Badanjek, Jimmy Bones, Stephanie Eulinberg, lead guitarist Bobby East, Roger Noonan, Bernie Palo and Jeff Fawlkes .
Ben Onono Onono also worked with Futureshock, and complied the song ""On My Mind"" with them .
France has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 57 times since its debut at the very first contest in 1956 .
Lovísa Elísabet Sigrúnardóttir , better known by her stage name, Lay Low, is an Icelandic artist and singer .
Steven Starr is the producer of FLOW: For Love Of Water, and the founder of Revver .
For the Faroe ship, see NorrönaNorrøna is a Norwegian brand of outdoor clothing and sports gear .
Jason Graae is a Chicago-born American musical theatre actor, best known for his musical theater performances but with a varied career spanning Broadway, opera, television and film .
A short sale is a sale of real estate in which the proceeds from selling the property will fall short of the balance of debts secured by liens against the property, and the property owner cannot afford to repay the liens' full amounts and where the lien holders agree to release their lien on the real estate and accept less than the amount owed on the debt .
Feridun Düzağaç is a Turkish rock music singer and songwriter, usually known for his pessimistic and melancholic songs .
The Theme of Cappadocia encompassing the southern portion of the namesake region from the early 9th to the late 11th centuries .
Daon to provide services for biometric identity management, including enrollment, background checking, secure biometric and biographic information storage and card issuance .
Ospina Coffee, the oldest family owned coffee company in existence today, was established in Colombia, by Don Mariano Ospina Rodríguez in 1835 .
Alexander Nikolayevich Krutov , and he held the positions of Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Information Policy and is a member of the Commission on the Credentials and Deputies’ Ethics Issues in the Duma .
Dany, pseudonym for Daniel Henrotin is a Belgian comic book artist, best known for Olivier Rameau and Ça vous intéresse? .
The European Capital of Culture is a city designated by the European Union for a period of one calendar year during which it organises a series of cultural events with a strong European dimension .
Conlin's Furniture is a regional furniture chain of 16 stores, located in five US states .
The Stobart Pullman was a railtour operator in the United Kingdom, operating pullman type charter trains, as Stobart Rail Tours .
Byeonhan, also known as Byeonjin, was a loose confederacy of chiefdoms that existed from around the beginning of the Common Era to the 4th century in the southern Korean peninsula .
Deborah Gates is an American actress and director who founded the acting company Shakespeare at Play in Los Angeles, California that specializes in abridged versions of Shakespeare’s works for young audiences .
Unitary enterprise Mostransavto is a state-owned company for passenger bus transport in Moscow oblast with daily throughput of 2 .
Shireen Mehrunnisa Mazari is a Pakistani political scientist, journalist and a prominent geostrategist, who served as Director-General of the Foreign Affairs Tank of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf until she resigned from that organisation in September 2012, she again joined the party on 18 March 2013 .
Jennifer Roback Morse is the President and Founder of the Ruth Institute, formerly a project of the National Organization for Marriage for the promotion of man/woman marriage .
Castell was a county of northern Bavaria, Germany, ruling a string of territories in the historical region of Franconia, both east and west of Würzburg .
The Eritrean Telecommunication Services Corporation , more commonly known as EriTel, is the sole operator of landline telephone communication infrastructure in Eritrea .
Sergio Sánchez Ortega is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Málaga CF as either a right back or a central defender .
Pelabuhan Ratu or Palabuhan Ratu is the administrative capital of Sukabumi Regency .
Taj Burrow is an Australian professional surfer who, as of March 2014, is competing in the ASP World Tour .
Rhian Denise Ramos Howell, who is better known by her stage name Rhian Ramos is a Filipino actress, commercial model and singer .
Dead Bees records is an independent record label, with a roster of indie rock artists and bands .
Vicki Ann Dunne , an Australian politician, is a member of the unicameral Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, since 2001, representing the electoral district of Ginninderra for the Liberal Party .
schuh is a footwear retailer from the UK, with 100 stores in the UK and Ireland .
Maya Bond is a former Japanese-born American indie and avant-garde music singer-songwriter and drummer from Austin, Texas .
New Haven is the second-largest city in Connecticut that gave New Haven the nickname ""The Elm City"" .
Reinhard Johann Heinz Paul Anton Suhren and from September 1944 the Commander-in-Chief of U-boats of the North Sea .
Vector Foiltec is a business using transparent plastic cushions filled with air as an architectural cladding technology .
Rosy Lamb is an expatriate American sculptor, painter and author living in Paris, France .
The Bishopric of Speyer , then in 1723 to Bruchsal, in large part due to the tense relationship between successive prince-bishops and the civic authorities of the Free City, officially Protestant since the Reformation .
Radivoje ""Rajko"" Lekić is a Danish footballer who currently plays for FC Roskilde in the Danish 2nd Division .
Scott Hochberg is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives representing District 137 in southwest Houston .
John Preston was an author of gay erotica and an editor of gay nonfiction anthologies .
The March of Friuli was a Carolingian frontier march against the Slavs and Avars, established in 776 .
Stephen Robert Dunlop was a Northern Irish motorcycle racer, the younger brother of fellow road racer, the late Joey Dunlop, and like Joey he died after a crash while racing .
The Marquisate of Ceva was a small independent state in north-western Italy, situated at the foot of the Apennines, with its seat at Ceva, in what is now a part of Piedmont .
Asami Mizukawa and gained the supporting role in the 2002 J-horror film Dark Water .
Bankable Productions is an independent film and television production company founded by former model Tyra Banks who also serves as CEO of the company .
The Development Finance Company of Uganda Group, commonly referred to as the DFCU Group, is a financial services company in Uganda .
Andrew 'Andy' Jenkins is an English darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Werdenberg was a county of the Holy Roman Empire situated on either side of the Rhine, including parts of what is now St .
China TechFaith Wireless Communication Technology Limited or TechFaith Wireless , founded in July 2002, is one of the biggest handset solution providers in China .
The Auckland urban area ranges to Waiwera in the north, Kumeu in the northwest, and Runciman in the south .
Jubaland State of Somalia, also known as Jubaland , and were later incorporated into British East Africa .
The First Spanish Republic was the short-lived political regime that existed in Spain between the parliamentary proclamation on 11 February 1873 and 29 December 1874 when General Arsenio Martínez-Campos's pronunciamento marked the beginning of the Bourbon Restoration in Spain .
Ironwood Springs Christian Ranch is a Christian camp in southern Minnesota serving over 22,000 people per year .
Alexander Valeryevich Dyukov is Chairman of the management Board of Gazprom Neft, one of Russia’s top-5 vertically integrated oil companies by production and amongst the largest oil companies in the world by proven reserves .
Cedric Lee Juan Tuck, known mostly by his stage name Big Tuck, is an African-American rapper born in Dallas, Texas He is a member of the Dallas rap group Dirty South Rydaz .
Daniel O'Regan is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League competition .
Legoland Discovery Centre is an indoor family attraction chain operated by British leisure group Merlin Entertainments .
Orchha State, a princely state of Bundelkhand region, in present Madhya Pradesh state, India, during the time of the British Raj .
StrikeIron provides a cloud-based Data Quality Suite including email verification, address verification, phone validation, phone append, and sales tax calculation solutions .
In May 1959, the Loudoun County, Virginia Board of Supervisors created Loudoun County Sanitation Authority by a resolution, through the Water and Waste Authorities Act, for the sole purpose of providing water and wastewater service to residents of the unincorporated areas of the county .
Leandro Lopes Luiz , best known as Leandro Lopes, is a Brazilian pop rock and axé music singer and songwriter .
Chũ is a township and town and capital of Lục Ngạn District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
Christopher Rule was an American comic book artist active from the 1940s through at least 1960, and best known as the first regular Marvel Comics inker for comics artist Jack Kirby during the period fans and historians call the Silver Age of Comic Books .
Zabit ""Maugli"" Samedov is an Azerbaijani kickboxer fighting out of Chinuk Gym in Minsk, Belarus .
Fee Brothers, also known as ""The House of Fee by the Genesee since eighteen hundred and sixty-three"", is a four-generation-old manufacturer of cocktail mixes, bitters, flavoring syrups, iced cappuccino mix and other beverage ingredients .
Fürstenberg-Weitra was a line of Counts of Fürstenberg of southwestern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, based in Bohemia in the Czech Republic .
Origo Sound is a Norwegian independent record label formed in 1990 in Norway by Harald Lervik .
RWS Group provides intellectual property translation, filing and search services, and technical and commercial translation and localisation .
Gary Lewis is an American musician who was the leader of Gary Lewis & the Playboys .
Vandenbrink Design is a Netherlands-based automotive design and coachbuilding company, founded in 2006 by Michiel van den Brink and Robert Koumans .
The People's Republic of the Congo , it existed until 1991, when the country was renamed and the PCT government was eliminated after the Dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Ewan Pearson is an English electronic music producer/remixer who works under various aliases including Maas, Sulky Pup, Villa America, World of Apples, and Dirtbox .
Steadfast Networks is a Chicago, Illinois-based Internet Service Provider primarily focused on Dedicated Servers and Colocation .
Mell is a female Japanese singer from Sapporo, Japan, who is signed to Geneon Universal Entertainment .
Ajahn Amaro is a Theravadin teacher, and abbot of the Amaravati Buddhist Monastery at the eastern end of the Chiltern Hills in south east England .
Sennar is a town on the Blue Nile in Sudan and capital of the state of Sennar .
Osadia is a street theatre company formed in Barcelona, Spain in 1966 by artist Alex Rendon and featuring hair art .
Destruction is one of the Endless, fictional characters from Neil Gaiman's comic book series The Sandman .
Gazprom-Media is the largest Russian media holding founded in 2000 as a subsidiary of Gazprom .
Laura Ann Silva is a beauty queen from Londonderry, New Hampshire who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Viktor Pfeifer and has competed three times at the Winter Olympics, placing 22nd in 2006, 21st in 2010 and 26th in 2014 .
Marcus Vinicius de Morais known by his given name, Marcus, is a Brazilian football player in Japan .
Telesom is a privately held telecommunications company headquartered in Hargeisa, the capital of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia .
Virginia Overland Transportation was an organization in Virginia in the United States which operated new and used bus dealerships and a number of intrastate urban-suburban bus lines for about 30 years in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Miarinarivo is a city of Antananarivo and is the capital of Itasy Region as well as of its district .
John Beetle Bailey is a Canadian freelance recording engineer who won the 2007 Juno Award for Recording Engineer of the Year .
Bruce Foods Corporation, founded in New Iberia, Louisiana, in 1928, is one of ""America's largest privately owned food manufacturers,"" manufacturing over 550 food products under nine major labels, and is credited with ""pioneering the canning of Mexican food .
Al Fashir, Al-Fashir or El Fasher to a site called Rahad Tendelti, which soon took the name Al-Fashir .
Toshiyuki Teruya , is a Ryukyuan comedian, variety show host, voice actor, film director, and musician .
The Duchy of Carniola was a State of the Holy Roman Empire established in 1364 .
The Hibernia Mine Railroad was a railroad in Morris County, New Jersey that operated between Hibernia and Rockaway from 1863 to 1946 .
Osama Elsamni is an Egyptian-Japanese footballer who plays as a striker for YSCC Yokohama .
Sanoyas Hishino Meisho Corporation is a Japanese company that consists of four principal business groups and twelve affiliated companies .
The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation is the state-run bus company in Kerala, India .
Society for Protection of the Harbour is a Hong-Kong-based organisation founded in November 1995 .
Richard Bowles from Healesville, Victoria to Cooktown, Far North Queensland a total of 5,330 km along Australia’s Great Dividing Mountain Range, in just five months Richard completed the rugged wilderness trail end to end .
Brewer Investment Group is a wealth management firm founded in 2000 and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois .
Wahidi Azzan, officially the Wahidi Sultanate of Azzan, was one of four Wahidi sultanates in the area that eventually became the Aden Protectorate .
Tommy Torres Carrasquillo , known simply as Tommy Torres, is a Grammy Award winning Puerto Rican producer, singer, and songwriter .
Liberty Water Taxi is a water taxi service based at Liberty Landing Marina in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States offering service between Liberty State Park in Jersey City, Warren Street in Paulus Hook, Jersey City and the World Financial Center in Battery Park City, Manhattan .
The Cunard Line is a British based multinational shipping company headquartered at Carnival House in Southampton, England, along with sister cruise brands P&O Cruises, P&O Cruises Australia and parent company Carnival UK .
Srbijagas is the state-owned natural gas provider in Serbia with headquarters in Novi Sad .
Santa Clara County Federal Credit Union, also known as ""County Federal"", is a credit union which offers membership to both employees and retirees of certain Santa Clara County, California, businesses, as well as their relatives .
The New Kingdom of Egypt, also referred to as the Egyptian Empire, is the period in ancient Egyptian history between the 16th century BC and the 11th century BC, covering the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Dynasties of Egypt .
The term Albanian Principalities refers to a number of principalities created in the Middle Ages in Albania and Epirus that were ruled by Albanian nobility .
Antonio Roybal is an American fine-art painter and sculptor from Santa Fe, New Mexico .
Get Physical Music is a Berlin based electronic music record label founded in 2002 by M .
The Bavarian Auto Group is an Egyptian enterprise for manufacturing and selling BMW vehicles on the local market .
Alex Flanagan is an American sportscaster who is a graduate of the University of Arizona and Salpointe Catholic High School in Tucson, Arizona .
Berni Searle is a South African artist who works with photography, video, and film to produce lens-based installations that stage narratives connected to history, memory, and place .
On August 28, 2009, the Kansas Supreme Court issued a ruling regarding the standing, rights and interests of Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems .
Federico Aubele , which was released on September 18, 2007, also produced by Thievery Corporation .
Small Island Developing States are low-lying coastal countries that tend to share similar sustainable development challenges, including small but growing populations, limited resources, remoteness, susceptibility to natural disasters, vulnerability to external shocks, excessive dependence on international trade, and fragile environments .
The County of Marche was a medieval French county, approximately corresponding to the modern département of Creuse .
Roldán Rodríguez Iglesias is a Spanish racing driver, who competed in the GP2 Series from 2007 to 2009 .
The China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation , was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2008 .
John Patrick ""Jack"" Kibbie is the Iowa State Senator from the 4th District and President of the Iowa Senate .
Nigel Plaskitt In British television advertisements, Plaskitt appeared as the character Malcolm, a young man suffering from a heavy cold, in a series of commercials for Vicks Sinex nasal spray during the mid-1970s and again during the 1990s .
The Coopérative de Transport Maritime et Aérien is a Canadian transportation company operating in Quebec and Prince Edward Island .
Key & See is a variation of the TV Key service that forms part of the open, standards-based interactive TV services platform provided by Miniweb Interactive .
Shoe Zone is a footwear retailer in the United Kingdom and Ireland which sells shoes at low prices .
Cédric Marie Carlos Thérèse Van Branteghem is a Belgian sprinter, who specializes in the 400 metres .
Rheinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden .
Compagnie Générale de Banque , sometimes referred to as Cogebank, is a Rwandan multinational commercial bank .
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is a deed instrument in which a mortgagor , and additional advantages if the borrower subsequently files for bankruptcy .
The Kingdom of Kurdistan refers to a short-lived unrecognized state proclaimed in the city of Sulaymaniyah following the collapse of the Ottoman Empire .
Frank Versteegh on a 70 meter long river freighter in the Rhine at Rhenen in his home country .
Jamie Patrick McCunnie is a Scottish footballer, who is currently playing with Broughty Athletic .
A + B Kasha is a French company specialized in the restoration of historic apartments in the Saint-Germain-des-Prés area of Paris .
Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann who were married from 1983 to 1986 after having met at a Calvin Klein photo shoot .
Cinema For All is the national organisation for the development and support of the film society and community cinema movement in the UK .
Tsaparang was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Guge in the Garuda Valley, through which the upper Sutlej River flows, in Ngari Prefecture , and quarters for the monks .
Later Shu was one of the Ten Kingdoms during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in China from 934 to 960 .
Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the TV series Avatar: The Last Airbender .
Sigma Alimentos is the largest producer and distributor of refrigerated and frozen food in Mexico, and an affiliate of Mexican industrial holding company ALFA .
John Trobaugh in Lansing, Michigan is an American artist specializing in photography and based in Birmingham, Alabama .
Erik Rhodes was an openly gay American gay pornographic film actor, under an exclusive contract with Falcon Studios .
Jan Björkman, born 1950, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag from 1988 to 2010 .
The Territory of Jefferson was an extralegal and unrecognized United States territory that existed from October 24, 1859 until the creation of the Colorado Territory on February 28, 1861 .
Vestas aircoil A/S is a manufacturer of charge air coolers, intercoolers and cooling towers situated in the small Danish town of Lem in Jutland .
Lewcott Corporation, founded in 1965, is a specialty chemical and materials technology company whose product lines include applications for Indy race cars, rocket engine nozzles, military helmets and other end uses .
The Uyghur Khaganate, or, Uyghur Empire or Uighur Khaganate or Toquz Oghuz Country , a calque of the name Toquz Oghuz .
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution was one of the earliest department stores in the United States .
The Bamana Empire was a large West African state based at Ségou, now in Mali .
The Free State of Schaumburg-Lippe was created following the abdication of Prince Adolf II of Schaumburg-Lippe on 15 November 1918 .
Eclipsys Corporation was a publicly traded American company that provided hospitals and other healthcare organizations with electronic medical record, computerized physician order entry, and other technology, as well as revenue cycle management software .
Directly Operated Railways is a holding company set up by the Department for Transport in the United Kingdom in July 2009 to run rail franchises should it become necessary to bring them into public ownership .
Pharmacia was a pharmaceutical and biotechnological company in Sweden that merged with the American pharmaceutical company Upjohn in 1995 .
The current capital of Wales is Cardiff, which was first referred to as such in 1955, when Gwilym Lloyd-George, then Minister for Welsh Affairs commented in a Parliamentary written answer that ""no formal measures are necessary to give effect to this decision"" .
Brendan Bowyer is an Irish Showband singer best known for fronting The Royal Showband and The Big Eight, and who had five number one hits in Ireland .
Backes & Strauss is an English company that designs and produces high-end luxury timepieces and jewellery .
Philochorus of Athens , was a Greek historian and Atthidographer of the 3rd century BC, and a member of a priestly family .
The Massachusetts Coastal Railroad is the successor operator of portions of Bay Colony Railroad .
Root Sports Rocky Mountain is an American regional sports network based in Denver, Colorado that is part of Root Sports and is an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
In antiquity, Cilicia , was the south coastal region of Asia Minor, south of the central Anatolian plateau .
Francis Simard, , a group dedicated to the creation of an independent Marxist state out of the Canadian province of Quebec .
Tri Tôn is an urban municipality and town in the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province, Vietnam .
The Bertelsmann Foundation is the largest private operating non-profit foundation in Germany, created in 1977 by Reinhard Mohn .
Cameo was a USA based budget record label, first flourishing in the 1920s, not connected with a later record label of the same name which was active in the 1950s and 1960s .
Uri Zohar is a former Israeli film director, actor, and comedian who left the entertainment world to become a rabbi .
Sangat Television is a Sikh lifestyle channel produced and wholly owned by Sangat Trust, a UK charity .
Serhiy Silyuk is a Ukrainian football forward who last time played for Ukrainian Premier League side Vorskla Poltava .
China Aoyuan Property Group Limited or Aoyuan Property is one of the largest-scale property developer headquartered in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China and in Hong Kong .
Athena Tacha , is best known in the fields of environmental public sculpture and conceptual art, but has also worked extensively in photography, film and artists’ books .
Drakes Supermarkets first store opened in 1974 at Mitcham in South Australia, and has since expanded to become South Australia's largest independent supermarket chain .
Joannou & Paraskevaides is a Cyprus based international building, civil and electromechanical engineering contractor with a strong involvement in the energy and industrial sectors with five decades of experience operating in the Middle East, North Africa, Europe and Asia .
Kuhn's Quality Foods Markets is a family-owned chain of grocery stores located in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area of the United States .
Turkish Bank Group is a Banking corporation established during 1901 as the Nicosia Savings Box in Cyprus assisted businesses by providing capital and financial support for local tradesmen .
Emelan is a fictional realm that provides the main setting of the Circle of Magic quartet by Tamora Pierce, primarily in the capital city of Summersea and the nearby temple of Winding Circle .
Fiona Forbes is a Canadian television personality who hosted the entertainment talk show Urban Rush on Shaw Cable and worked on CityTvs Breakfast Television .
The Free State of Anhalt was formed after Joachim Ernst, Duke of Anhalt abdicated on 12 November 1918, ending the Duchy of Anhalt .
Frank Pope he wrote Dragon Sea: A True Tale of Treasure, Archaeology & Greed .
The Shoe Company is a Canadian shoe and apparel store, originating from the Greater Toronto Area .
Stephen David Hindmarch is an English footballer who currently plays for Workington as an Attacking Midfielder/Striker .
The Alabama Warrior Railway of coal, coke, mineral fibers, aggregates, cement powder, and chemicals .
Sinofert Holdings Limited or Sinofert , formerly Sinochem Hong Kong Holdings Limited, is the largest all-rounded fertilizer enterprise in China .
Shah Alam is the state capital of Selangor, Malaysia and situated within the Petaling District and a small portion of the neighbouring Klang District .
Parque Arauco is the third largest Chilean Shopping malls company, after Cencosud's malls division and Mall Plaza the S .
Mannatech, Incorporated, is a multinational multi-level marketing firm engaged in research, development, and distribution of ""glyconutrients,"" the company's name for blends of plant-sourced saccharides .
Draim AB is a Swedish developer and publisher of fantasy-based tactical card games, headquartered in Nacka, Sweden .
Caroline Duffy is the name of the lead character on the 1990s NBC sitcom Caroline in the CityCaroline Duffy is a beauty queen from York who won the Miss Earth competition in 2008, an annual beauty pageant in the United Kingdom promoting environmental awareness .
Brooke Miller is an American former professional road racing cyclist and a former US national criterium and road race champion .
Stockfisch Records is a German independent record label, aimed at audiophile fans of guitar-oriented singer-songwriter music and was formed in 1974 by Günter Pauler .
Vincent Di Fate is an American artist specializing in science fiction and fantasy illustration .
Maputo , known as Lourenço Marques before independence, is the capital and largest city of Mozambique .
Concord Pacific Developments is a Canadian residential developer and real estate investment firm with focus on projects in Vancouver, BC and Toronto, ON .
Fathi Hassan is an African artist known for his installations involving the written word and painting .
Ambatondrazaka [amˌbatuɳɖʐaˈzakə̥] is a city in MadagascarAmbatondrazaka is also the capital of the Alaotra-Mangoro region and the Ambatondrazaka District .
The Koch dynasty of Assam and Bengal, named after the Koch tribe, emerged as the dominant ruling house in the Kamata kingdom in 1515 after the fall of the Khen dynasty in 1498 .
Ober Ost is short for Oberbefehlshaber der gesamten Deutschen Streitkräfte im Osten, which is a German term meaning ""Supreme Commander of All German Forces in the East"" during World War I .
Samoa , formerly known as Western Samoa, is an Oceanian country encompassing the western part of the Samoan Islands in the South Pacific Ocean .
Rolando David Zárate Riga is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a centre forward .
Marla Luckert is a Kansas Supreme Court Justice appointed by Governor Bill Graves on Nov .
Eesti Energia Tehnoloogiatööstus AS , internationally operating under the trademark Enefit, is a company in Estonia which designs and manufactures equipment in the fields of energy and industry and offers erection and maintenance services as well as comprehensive technological solutions .
ProSpecieRara, the ""Schweizerische Stiftung für die kulturhistorische und genetische Vielfalt von Pflanzen und Tieren"" , is a non-profit charitable organization dedicated to the preservation of the genetic diversity of plants and animals in Switzerland .
French Gerleman is a regional supplier of electrical, automation, datacom and power transmission products and services .
Wisp is the alias of electronic music artist Reid Dunn who hails from Niagara Falls, New York .
Alirajpur State was formerly a princely state of India, administratively under the Bhopawar Agency subdivision of the Central India Agency .
Darlene Koldenhoven for ""Best Studio Singer"" for singing on thousand of movies, television shows, CDs, commercials, live shows and more .
The Kalabari Kingdom, also called Elem Kalabari , or New Calabar by the Europeans, was an independent trading state of the Kalabari people, an Ijaw ethnic group, in the Niger River Delta .
The Trisol Music Group - GmbH In general they are considered a major European label for works within the realm of Dark Alternative music .
Asset Acceptance is a trade name used by several companies owned by the parent corporation Asset Acceptance Capital Corporation, which has existed since the formation of the predecessor company in 1962 .
BJU Press , founded in 1973, publishes textbooks for Christian schools and homeschools as well as trade and children's books .
Joseph Robinette ""Beau"" Biden III is an American attorney, Army JAG officer, and politician from Wilmington, Delaware .
Crest Digital was a privately owned company specializing in post production and DVD CD optical media replication services .
Brian West is a Canadian multi-platinum, Oscar-nominated Grammy-winning and five-time Juno Award-winning record producer, songwriter, and musician .
Kit DesLauriers is a champion American skier and the first person to ski down the Seven Summits .
The Keck Institute for Space Studies , Keck is number 30 in the ""Top Thirty Science and Technology Think Tanks"" .
Colloredo-Man , Vice-Chancellor of Empress Maria Theresa, was appointed Prince of the Holy Roman Empire in 1763 .
Charles Jourdan was a French fashion designer known best for his designs of women's shoes starting in 1919 .
Curotek is an American company based in Portland, Oregon that provides technology for community-based care settings such as assisted living communities and group home settings serving those with Dementia, Alzheimer's, Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities and other disabilities that cause safety risks associated with freedom of movement and personal autonomy .
Martinus Nijhoff Publishers was an independent academic publishing company dating back to the nineteenth century, which is now an imprint of Brill Publishers .
Bertil Lintner is a Swedish journalist, author and strategic consultant who has been writing about Asia for nearly four decades .
Krzysztof Kasprzak is an international speedway rider who became World Under-21 Champion in 2005 .
Danielle Demski , entering the top six in fourth place with an average combined score of 9 .
Lok'nStore[ is a provider of self storage space in and around the South East of England .
Essar Steel is one of the leaders in India and abroad in the steel sector, part of the Essar Group .
Tervis Tumbler manufactures insulated tumblers that use double-wall technology to harness the natural insulating properties of air .
Simeone is an English musician, who joined the independent record label Le Coq Musique in 2008 .
Aaron Maximillian ""Max"" Crumm is an American Broadway and film actor and the winner of the role of ""Danny"" on the televised Grease: You're the One that I Want! competition .
The Treaty of Washington City was a treaty signed on January 20, 1825 and the United States Government .
Navi Mumbai Municipal Transport is the transport wing of Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation, which operates bus services in Navi Mumbai .
Liljegren Records / CMSweden is a Swedish heavy metal music record label founded by Christian Liljegren in 1997 .
Consolidated Bank of Kenya , commonly known as Consolidated Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, East Africa's largest economy .
Arosuka is a town or Sub-district in Solok Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Solok Regency .
The Mongolian People's Republic was a socialist state in Central Asia which existed between 1924 and 1992 .
New Spain was a Spanish territory that came into existence in 1522, the year following 1521's Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire; the Viceroyalty of New Spain Spanish Empire in the Western Hemisphere, plus the Philippine Islands .
Daniel Schwaab is a German footballer who plays as a centre back for VfB Stuttgart in the Bundesliga .
Sergio Lorenzo ""Serge"" Pizzorno is a British guitarist and songwriter, best known for his work with the rock band Kasabian .
Saxe-Coburg was a duchy held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in today's Bavaria, Germany .
Kansas City Steak Company is a family-run business based in Kansas City, Kansas, that manufactures and markets premium beef , poultry, seafood, and other foods for foodservice and home delivery .
Frederick Theodore ""Ted"" Rall III is an American columnist, syndicated editorial cartoonist, and author .
William Zeitler is one of the world's leading performers on the armonica, or glass harmonica, an instrument invented by Benjamin Franklin .
Cataldo Ambulance Service and Atlantic Ambulance Service services to sixteen communities throughout the Greater Boston and North Shore areas in the U .
Padmini Kolhapure is an Indian actress who appeared primarily in Bollywood films during the 1980s .
Walter Hilgers guest conductor at Philharmonic State Orchestra Košice, Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra, Philharmonic State Orchestra Montevideo, Europe festival orchestra .
Coloplast is an international company that develops, manufactures and markets medical devices and services related to ostomy, urology, continence, and wound care .
Nine is the stage name of Derrick Keyes , his shoe size, and his lucky number .
Betina Krahn is a RITA Award winning and New York Times best-selling author of historical romance novels .
James ""Jamie"" Van Fossen is a former Iowa State Representative from the 81st and 42nd Districts .
Maastricht are located, which is the second highest number in a Dutch town, after Amsterdam .
Chatham County is a county located in the Piedmont area of the U .
Emercy is an international, inter-denominational, non-profit Christian missionary organization founded in 1999 by Joshua Jones .
Arthur Hills is an American golf course designer who achieved a Bachelor of Landscape Architecture from the University of Michigan and a Bachelor of Science from Michigan State University .
Numidia to the east, the Mediterranean Sea to the north, and the Sahara Desert to the south .
The National Iraqi News Agency , or NINA, was the first independent news agency in Iraq after the Iraq War .
The Rapp Marine Group has for over 100 years developed new generations of advanced machinery and equipment for the marine and offshore oil industries world wide .
Bill Pere, a multiple-award-winning singer, songwriter, producer, musician, author, and playwright, was named one of the ""Top 50 Innovators, Groundbreakers, Iconoclasts, and Guiding Lights of the Music Industry"" by Music Connection Magazine in December 2008 .
The WakeMate was an electronic device with sensors intended to be used to monitor the sleep state of the user using actigraphy .
Marcos Arouca da Silva, commonly known as Arouca is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Palmeiras, as a defensive midfielder .
Amman is the capital and most populous city of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan .
The Theme of Sebasteia of the Byzantine Empire located in northeastern Cappadocia and Armenia Minor, in modern Turkey .
Brandon Evan Funston is an American sportswriter, who is currently a fantasy sports analyst and columnist for Yahoo! Sports .
Argentina , officially the Argentine Republic was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1861, which ended with the country's reorganization as a federation of provinces with Buenos Aires as its capital city .
The Newfoundland Railway was a railway which operated on the island of Newfoundland from 1898 to 1988 .
Telecom Italia Media is an Italian commercial television network, founded in Rome, Italy by Seat Pagine Gialle in 2003 and later acquired by Telecom Italia and listed on Italian Stock Exchange .
East Darfur is one of the states of Sudan, and one of five comprising the Darfur region .
Stewart ""Staz"" Johnson is an English comic book artist and penciller, best known for his work on DC Comics' Robin and Catwoman series .
SolarLEAP is a company founded in Hong Kong with the mission of providing educational technology to impoverished students, specifically solar-powered computers .
The Housing & Construction Holding Company Limited for its involvement in "" the building of settlements in breach of international humanitarian law in East-Jerusalem .
Lazy Ramadi is a spoof of the Saturday Night Live Lazy Sunday video, inspired by 'Lazy Muncie' and produced and played by SSG Josh Dobbs and SSG Matt Wright .
Panna is a city and a municipality in Panna district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Mike DiMeo is a hard rock/heavy metal vocalist, best known for his work in the band Riot, which he left in late 2006 .
iViz Security is an information security company which is into on-demand penetration testing for proactive security audit risk management and compliance for standards such as SOX, PCI, HIPAA and ISO 27001:2005 .
Edward Burtynsky, OC is a Canadian photographer and artist known for his large-format photographs of industrial landscapes .
Élida Stantic , and more commonly known and credited as Lita Stantic, is an Argentine cinema producer, screenplay writer, and director .
This article is about the company which manufactures solar hot-water systems, for the NASA observatory see Solar Dynamics Observatory .
Akinori Yonezawa is a Japanese computer scientist specializing in object-oriented programming, distributed computing and information security .
John Anthony Palumbo is an author, businessman and professional speaker who writes and lectures internationally on sales, consumer behavior, and personal development .
South Sudan , officially the Republic of South Sudan, is a landlocked country in northeastern Africa that gained its independence from Sudan in 2011 .
Edyta Śliwińska is a Polish professional ballroom dancer who is starring in the stage show Dance Temptation .
Denpasar is the capital and the most populous city of the Indonesian province of Bali .
Charlesbank Capital Partners is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions involving middle-market companies .
Western Beef is a low-cost supermarket chain located mostly in the New York City metropolitan area .
Bruce Patterson was a Republican member of the Michigan Senate, representing the 7th district from 2003-2011 .
The Banat Republic was a short-lived state proclaimed in Timişoara on November 1, 1918, the day after the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire .
Sergipe , is the smallest state of the Brazilian Federation, located on the northeastern Atlantic coast of the country .
Adam Thorn spent 1998–2005 as front man and lyricist for Greensboro, North Carolina indie punk band Kudzu Wish .
Nuevo Santander was a region of the Viceroyalty of New Spain, corresponding generally to the modern Mexican state of Tamaulipas and southern Texas .
The Barcud Derwen Group was an independent group of television and AV facilities in Cardiff, Wales which claimed to be the largest in the UK outside of London .
Munna Shukla is a Kathak guru and choreographer of Lucknow Gharana based in New Delhi, India .
Glywysing was, from the sub-Roman period to the Early Middle Ages, a petty kingdom in south-east Wales .
Daijiworld Media is an Indian private limited media company, headquartered in Mangalore, that provides news services, including the web portal, www .
Duncan Charles Arsenault is a multi-instrumentalist and the drummer for the American rock band The Curtis Mayflower, The Curtain Society, Sam James, Big Eyed Rabbit and Scott Ricciuti & Pistol Whipped .
Great Plains Energy Incorporated is a holding company based in Kansas City, Missouri that owns electric utility Kansas City Power and Light Company and Strategic Energy, LLC, an energy management company .
Mirus Bio , develops and manufactures transfection reagents and related products for life science research .
The Bangka–Belitung Islands is a province of Indonesia, previously a part of South Sumatra Province .
Isshō Fujita was born in Niihama, Ehime, Japan and was head teacher at Sōtō Zen practice center Pioneer Valley Zendo in Charlemont, MA .
Axtel, is a Mexican telecommunications company, headquartered in Monterrey, that provides telecommunication products and services in Mexico .
Peter Davison is a composer and instrumentalist whose works range from meditation and yoga music to well known TV and film themes and scores .
Lord Cultural Resources is a cultural professional practice providing specialized planning services in the museum, cultural and heritage sector .
In Greek mythology, Lampus may refer to:Lampus, an elder of Troy, one of the sons of King Laomedon, father of Dolops .
The Slovak Soviet Republic was preemptively occupied by Red Guards from the Hungarian Soviet Republic and the Ukrainian SSR, who set up the Slovak Soviet Republic as a puppet regime .
United Uranium is a Canadian resource company with its head office in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan .
Dave Formula, , is an English keyboardist and film-soundtrack composer from Manchester, who played with the post-punk band Magazine and New Romantic ensemble Visage during the end of the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s and in the ""world music"" band The Angel Brothers .
Cyprus , used the Enosis attempt as a pretext to invade the northern portion of the island five days later, on 20 July 1974 .
Ahmad Fardid optimistically alluded to the possibility of a convergence of Eastern and Western thought but he never explored the subject matter himself, citing a lack of knowledge and insight about the non-Western universe of discourse .
Philadelphia is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and its only consolidated city-county, the fifth-most-populous city in the United States, and the core of the sixth-largest metropolitan area in the country .
Wheaton Science Products is a subsidiary of Alcan based in Millville, New Jersey in the United States .
In Greek mythology, Iasion , was usually the son of the nymph Electra and Zeus and brother of Dardanus, although other possible parentage included Zeus and Hemera or Corythus and Electra .
Evgeny Korolev is a retired Kazakhstani tennis player and the cousin of former Russian player Anna Kournikova .
AKG Acoustics is an Austrian manufacturer of microphones, headphones, wireless audio systems and related accessories for professional and consumer markets .
Yasuhiro Tominaga is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for the J .
Ole Scheeren is a German architect and principal of Büro Ole Scheeren with offices in Beijing, Hong Kong and London and a visiting professor at Hong Kong University .
Blang Kejeren is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Gayo Lues Regency .
In Greek and Roman mythology, Ocnus or Bianor was a son of Manto and Tiberinus, king of Alba Longa .
DocuSign is a San Francisco- and Seattle-based company that provides electronic signature technology and Digital Transaction Management services for facilitating electronic exchanges of contracts and signed documents .
Macedonia, presented in the contest as Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia officially debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1998 .
The Serbian Despotate was a Serbian state, the last to be conquered by the Ottoman Empire .
Jalagam Vengal Rao or Jalagam Vengala Rao was for much of his life a member of the Indian National Congress and was the Chief Minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh which is now divided into two states Telangana & Andhra Pradesh .
Ofotens Bilruter is a bus company based in Narvik, Norway, that operates schedules services in Ofoten .
For the current top-level subdivision of Taranaki in New Zealand, see Taranaki regionThe Taranaki Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
V E Records is an independent record label and online store based in the US state of Texas, specializing in R&B and Hip Hop and related genres .
The Vermilion Valley Railroad , a subsidiary of auto parts manufacturer Flex-N-Gate Corporation, its primary customer, located at the end of the line at Olin, Indiana .
Matthew Joseph Shaffer is an American musical theatre, television, and film actor, director, executive producer and choreographer .
Cafaro Company is an American company which owns several retail shopping centers throughout the United States .
Borys Baranets is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad in the Ukrainian First League .
The Republic of Dahomey , since ""Benin"", unlike ""Dahomey"", was deemed politically neutral for all ethnic groups in the state .
Gutterth is a Denton-based production company founded by Michael Briggs and Brent Frishman as an attempt to promote live music and art .
Georgia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest six times, debuting at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 .
Emma McCune was an expatriate British foreign aid worker in Sudan who married then-guerrilla leader Riek Machar .
Adam Skórnicki is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who was the 2008 Individual Polish Champion and a former Polish Under-21 international .
Robert Harold ""Nat"" Young , and had acted provocatively towards his attacker, whom he met and forgave several months after the incident .
In Greek mythology, Acarnan , when they were yet very young, and Calirrhoe prayed to Zeus to make her sons grow quickly, that they might be able to avenge the death of their father .
Emma Bridgewater is a British ceramics manufacturer founded in 1985, owned and run by Emma Rice née Bridgewater and Matthew Rice .
Library Systems & Services is a private for-profit company that manages municipal libraries on an outsourced basis .
Atari bought Hasbro Interactive in 2001 and renamed it to Infogrames Interactive, later Atari Interactive in 2003, when Infogrames Inc .
Amyntor , was an ancient Greek name attributed to several people both mythological and historical .
Erie Plating Company, named for its location in Erie, Pennsylvania, specializes in applied electrochemical and mechanical metal finishing to ferrous and nonferrous metals, as well as chromate conversion and anodizing finishes on aluminum .
Manic D Press is an American literary press based in San Francisco, California publishing fiction , poetry, cultural studies, art, narrative-oriented comix, children's books, and alternative travel trade paperbacks .
Nine Dragons Paper is a privately owned paper manufacturing company in Mainland China, engaging in the manufacturing of containerboard products which include linerboard, duplex board as well as pulp .
Los Adaes was the capital of Tejas on the northeastern frontier of New Spain from 1729 to 1770 .
Susannah Fiennes is a British artist who has worked extensively with the Prince of Wales and is collected in Europe, Asia and America .
Mihail Mihaylov born on December 27, 1972, better known as Big Sha or by his previous name, Misho Shamara, is a Bulgarian rapper from Varna, Bulgaria .
Kazatomprom is a state-owned nuclear holding company in Kazakhstan, which operates in the field of Uranium and nuclear fuel cycle services, production of Beryllium, Tantalum and Niobium, and power production .
The Battle of Drummond's Island occurred during the American exploring expedition in April 1841 at Tabiteuea, then known as Drummond's Island .
Auriate was a county in medieval Italy on the eastern slopes of the Western Alps lying between Cuneo and Saluzzo .
Ponnagyun is a town in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
Lovzar is a Chechen children's dance ensemble that has conducted worldwide tours and has been an important face of Chechen culture to the world .
The Bioinformatics company PubGene AS is located in Oslo, Norway and is the daughter company of PubGene Inc .
Alexander 'Sandy' Brown was a noted Scottish jazz clarinetist, band leader and acoustic engineer who performed mostly New Orleans-style and mainstream jazz .
The Ross Dependency is a region of Antarctica defined by a sector originating at the South Pole, passing along longitudes 160° east to 150° west, and terminating at latitude 60° south .
Jana Murrell is the former morning traffic reporter for television station KETV 7 in Omaha, Nebraska and former beauty queen who has competed in the Miss USA pageant and in the international Miss Earth 2008 beauty pageant .
Norconsult is Norway's and one of Scandinavia's largest multidisciplinary engineering and design consultancies, providing services to clients in the public and private sectors worldwide .
The Kingdom of Semien , was an ancient Jewish kingdom of the Beta Israel people, centered in north western part of the Ethiopian kingdom of Abyssinia, which came to an end in 1627 during the reign of emperor Susenyos of Ethiopia .
Predatory mortgage servicing is abusive, unfair, deceptive, or fraudulent mortgage servicing practices of some mortgage servicers during the mortgage servicing process .
FX Asia is an Asian entertainment TV channel, owned and produced by Fox International Channels and distributed by STAR TV .
Didier Ya Konan is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Hannover 96 and the Côte d'Ivoire national team .
Excela Health is a not-for-profit health organization that includes three licensed, acute care hospitals, two free-standing outpatient surgery centers, home care and hospice, physician practices, a durable medical equipment company and other facilities and services .
Candyking is a Swedish company that markets pick and mix confectionery in Finland, Norway, Sweden, Latvia, Poland, Denmark, the UK and Ireland .
The Greyhound Racing Association is a private company involved in the management of sports venues .
Kotla Jayasurya Prakasha Reddy is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
Tyrconnell or Tirconnell , survives under the auspices of the Hereditary Great Seneschal or Lord High Steward of Ireland, currently Charles Chetwynd-Talbot, 22nd Earl of Shrewsbury, senior direct descendant of Hugh O'Donnell, 2nd Earl of Tyrconnell, and senior kin of Richard Talbot, Duke of Tyrconnel .
Richard Saturnino Owens , known as Rick Owens, is an American fashion designer from Porterville, California .
Solar Electric Power Company is a manufacturer of solar lighting and remote solar power stations that utilize compact fluorescent lamps CFL, light emitting diods LED, metal halide, induction, low pressure sodium, and high pressure sodium and is based in Stuart, Florida .
Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited is a public limited company promoted by the Department of Higher and Technical Education, Government of Maharashtra, India .
The Archduchy of Austria , one of the most important states within the Holy Roman Empire, was the nucleus of the Habsburg Monarchy and the predecessor of the Austrian Empire .
Staples Argentina is the subsidiary of the American office supply chain Staples in Argentina and Brazil .
Caitlin Irene Simmons is a beauty queen from Tulsa, Oklahoma who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Paul Draper is a California winemaker who has been the chief winemaker at Ridge Vineyards in California since 1969 .
Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico was an Italian manufacturer in the sea and air industry which was active from 1930 to 1966 .
Camrail operates passenger and freight traffic between the two largest cities in Cameroon and several smaller cities .
Jonty Harrison is an electroacoustic music composer born April 27, 1952 in Scunthorpe, UK, and currently living in Birmingham, UK .
Richard Toensing , the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, and the National Endowment for the Arts, and BMI .
Lokring Technology is a privately held international company headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio that serves over 30 countries worldwide .
The Makhad Trust is a UK charity that works to sustain the environment and the natural heritage of peoples living in the nomadic regions of the world .
Kemwel is an independent car rental consolidator based in Portland, Maine, United States, with access to over 750,000 vehicles in Europe and worldwide from over 4,000 pick up locations .
Julphar is a public shareholding pharmaceutical company based in Diqdaqah, Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates .
Phenomic Game Development was a real-time strategy video game developer, founded in 1997 by Volker Wertich and headquartered in Ingelheim, Germany .
Portuguese Malacca was the territory of Malacca that, for 130 years , was a Portuguese colony .
Virb is a website owned by Brad Smith that lets individuals and businesses create their own websites .
The Information & Public Relations Department is an agency within the Government of Kerala .
INDG – Instituto de Desenvolvimento Gerencial is a private organization that renders consulting in entrepreneurial management .
The Udaipur State, also known as Mewar Kingdom, was a princely state in India at the time of the British Raj .
Saleen Special Vehicles or SSV, was a Saleen-owned and Saleen-operated small-volume, specialty vehicle assembly plant located 1225 East Maple Road in Troy, Michigan .
Ambon , a private Protestant university, though both were seriously damaged during the violence in 2000–2002 .
Specializing in semi-trailer rental and leasing, XTRA Lease LLC is owned by the Berkshire Hathaway family of companies headed by investor Warren Buffett .
Stephanie Marie Culberson is a beauty queen from Knoxville, Tennessee who has competed in the Miss America and Miss USA pageants .
Mark Norman is the name of award winning Dutch trance music producer Mark De Jong Norman Lenden .
Andrés del Campo Santos is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Kaolack , north of Saam, which existed before Kaolack as a Serer village ruled by the Gelwaar dynasty .
MyFax is an Internet business communication tool which had been provided by the Ottawa-based software company Protus IP Solutions .
Sandomierz Voivodeship , the Duchy of Sandomierz created Lesser Poland, divided into Kraków and Sandomierz Voivodeships .
Nina Lvovna Khrushcheva is a Russian American professor at The New School, a senior fellow of the World Policy Institute, and from 2002 to 2004 was adjunct assistant professor at the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University .
Anshan Iron and Steel Group, the second-largest steel maker in Mainland China by output, focuses on producing high-end products such as electroplating, color-coated, and silicon flat steel products to make car bodies and computer and telecommunications equipment .
Goals Soccer Centres is an operator of dedicated 5-a-side football centres based in East Kilbride with locations in the UK and one in Los Angeles .
The Petrini's market chain was established in San Francisco and run as a family owned business until 1989, when it was sold to a large corporation, Provigo .
BKK Partners is a boutique investment bank that provides corporate advisory services including mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and strategic consulting .
Gracenote, formerly CDDB , is a company that maintains and licenses an Internet-accessible database containing information about the contents of audio compact discs and vinyl records .
Ma-i or Maidh , which once ruled over a vast territory on the eastern coasts of Laguna de Bay .
In Greek and Roman mythology, the Astomi are an ancient legendary race of people who had no need to eat or drink anything at all .
Bridget Walters is an Australian actress and veteran member of the State Theatre Company of South Australia where she has performed in productions of Macbeth, Noises Off, Uncle Vanya and The Cripple of Inishmaan .
Odlums Group is an Irish food processing and marketing company owned entirely by Valeo Foods, which is backed by Origin Enterprises and CapVest Limited, a European investment group .
Scott Nicholls is a British speedway rider, who has won the British Championship seven times .
United Musicians is an independent music collective founded by Aimee Mann, Michael Penn and Michael Hausman .
Nuix Pty Ltd is an Australian company that produces a software platform for indexing, searching, analyzing and extracting knowledge from unstructured data, with applications that include digital investigation, cybersecurity, e-Discovery, information governance, email migration and privacy .
Screen Digest Ltd is a company providing business intelligence, research and analysis on the global media markets based in London, United Kingdom, that has grown out of a monthly journal of that name that was founded in 1971 .
Mountain Hardwear, founded in 1993, is a California -based company that manufactures high-end outdoor clothing, backpacks, sleeping bags, tents, and gloves .
Azmyl Yunor , a split EP with Singaporean doom folk artist Hell Low, was released in April 2014 and they both toured Singapore and Peninsula Malaysia to promote the release .
S&S Cycle is an American motorcycle engine and parts manufacturer that was founded in 1958 by George J .
Eligh Nachowitz , better known mononymously as Eligh, is a rapper and producer from Los Angeles, California .
Tomislavgrad , also known by its former name Duvno [dǔːʋno], is a town and municipality in southwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina and also seat of the Assembly of Canton 10 of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mirial is a privately held Italian company providing products and solutions for visual communication in video to look at, and it aims at highlighting the will to focus the company's business on the development of video-enhanced platforms and HD and SD visual communication solutions .
Janome is a Japanese company that is one of the leading manufacturers of sewing machines worldwide, with manufacturing plants in Japan, Taiwan and Thailand .
Jamel Richardson is a professional Canadian football slotback for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League .
The Cotton Company of Zimbabwe, is, according to its website, the largest cotton processing and marketing organization in Southern Africa .
Edison Koon-hei Chen is a Hong Kong Canadian film actor, musician, producer, entrepreneur, and fashion designer .
The County of Württemberg was a historical territory with origins in the realm of the House of Württemberg, the heart of the old Duchy of Swabia .
Max Alessandrini, sometimes credited as Massimiliano Alessandrini, is the creator of the animated series Tommy and Oscar .
Partsearch Technologies, a Manhattan-based company, started in 2001, had compiled an online catalog of more than eight million spare parts for electronics, appliances and other items .
The Everyman Theatre, founded in 1990 in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, by artistic director Vincent M .
Delroy ""Junior"" Reid is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall musician, best known for the songs ""One Blood"" and ""This Is Why I'm Hot"", as well as being the lead vocalist for Black Uhuru on three albums Brutal, Positive and Black Uhuru Live in New York .
Promise Jason Jamal Shepherd, professionally known as Promise, is a Canadian hip hop soul artist and songwriter from Toronto .
Kunduz is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan, located in the northern part of the country next to Tajikistan .
Ireland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 48 times since making its debut at the 1965 Contest in Naples .
Saamsky District from one another—Iokanga proper and Iokangskaya baza, with the district executive committee quarters being located in the latter .
tegut… is a Swiss-owned supermarket chain based in Fulda, Germany, which operates 312 stores across six of Germany's Bundesländer, namely in Hesse, Thuringia, Bavaria, Rhineland-Palatinate, Saxony-Anhalt and Lower Saxony .
Richard Tony Butcher was an English professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1999 until his death in 2011 .
Morris Singer is a British art foundry, established in 1848, famous for its sculptures, including Eros, the lions at Trafalgar Square and the doors to the Bank of England, plus also the figures of Henry Moore .
Cheddar Ales is a small independent brewery located in the village of Cheddar in Somerset, England, which produces a range of regular and seasonal beers .
Oman Telecommunications Company is the first telecommunications company in Oman and is the primary provider of internet services in the country .
Shaura, formerly known as Juka , is a Japanese visual kei metal singer who first became known in 2002 when he was recruited by Mana for his project Moi dix Mois .
Mansi is a town in the Kachin State of the northernmost part of Burma .
Artem Andriyovych Fedetskyi is a Ukrainian football right defender for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Scott Elliott McQuade, born in 1962, is the Evidence and Policy Communication officer at UNAIDS, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS .
Gennaro Bracigliano is a French soccer player, currently playing for Chennaiyin FC in the Indian Super League .
Brooke Elizabeth Angus is a beauty queen from Essex, Vermont who has competed in the Miss USA 2002 and Miss World 2006 pageants .
Mitsue Aoki series which was adapted into a 12 episodes anime series by the studio Gainax .
artnet is an online service provider for the international art market with headquarters in New York and Berlin .
Automobiles Ettore Bugatti was a French car manufacturer of high-performance automobiles, founded in 1909 in the then German city of Molsheim, Alsace by Italian-born Ettore Bugatti .
China COSCO Holdings Company Limited , the largest integrated shipping company in China and the second largest in the world .
The Honda Aircraft Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Honda Motor Company that has developed the prototype HondaJet and is slated to manufacture and market the production version of the aircraft .
Keshavarzi Bank , also known as Agribank, is a major Iranian banking establishment offering retail and commercial services .
The Zazzau, also known as the Zaria Emirate is a traditional state with headquarters in the city of Zaria, Kaduna State, Nigeria .
Fun Factory GmbH is a German manufacturer of erotic toys, specializing in silicone dildos, vibrators, and love balls .
George Souris JP MP is an Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Upper Hunter for the National Party of Australia since 1988 .
Guardian Bank, whose full name is Guardian Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Troy Andrews , also known by the stage name Trombone Shorty, is a trombone and trumpet player from New Orleans, Louisiana, United States .
Altium Limited is an Australian owned public software company that provides PC-based electronics design software for engineers .
DefCom Australia is a loyalty card purchasing scheme for:regular and full-time Reserve members of the Australian Defence Force;certain 'Protector' organisations, such as firefighters, ambulance and emergency response personnel including the Wireless Institute of Australia's emergency response amateur radio personnel, etc .
Fantasy Games Unlimited, often referred to as just FGU, is a publishing house for both table-top and role-playing games .
The Montreal Light, Heat and Power Company was a utility company operating the electric and gas distribution monopoly in the area of Montreal, Quebec, Canada until its nationalization by the government of Quebec in 1944, under a law creating the Quebec Hydroelectric Commission, also known as Hydro-Québec .
Hank Van Sickle is an electric and upright bassist, best known for the blues rock band The Bluesbreakers .
The Lordship of Salona, after 1318 the County of Salona, was a Crusader state established after the Fourth Crusade .
My Pal God Records is a record label, independently owned and operated by WPRB DJ Jon Solomon .
Taylor Media is an Australian film and television production company founded in 1991 by Sue Taylor .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is required by its charter to report to industry any new, commercially significant technologies developed in the course of their R&D .
Lithuanian Mint is the state-owned enterprise, responsible for the mintage of coins and decorations of Lithuania .
Sigdo Koppers is one of the most important Chilean conglomerates with operations in the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific .
Malin Alegria is an American author of Youth literature, who primarily focuses on the genre of young adult novels .
Avro was a British aircraft manufacturer founded in 1910 whose designs include the Avro 504 used as a trainer in the First World War, the Avro Lancaster, one of the pre-eminent bombers of the Second World War, and the delta wing Avro Vulcan, a stalwart of the Cold War .
Aram Rehob was an early Aramaean kingdom, of which the chief city was Rehob or Beth-Rehob, associated with Aram-Zobah as hostile to King David .
The Theme of Macedonia of the Byzantine Empire established between the late 700s and the early 800s .
Comat is an Indian social enterprise specializing in the delivery of information based services to rural citizens in India .
MassChallenge is the world’s largest startup accelerator and competition and the first of its kind to support high-impact, early-stage entrepreneurs with no strings attached .
The Captaincy General of Guatemala , was an administrative division in Spanish America which covered much of Central America, including what are now the nations of Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, and the Mexican state of Chiapas .
Amarah , is a city in southeastern Iraq, located on a low ridge next to the Tigris River waterway south of Baghdad about 50 km from the border with Iran .
Avolution is a global provider of Enterprise Architecture, Enterprise Modeling and Process Modeling software with offices based in Sydney - Australia, Singapore, London - UK, Dubai - UAE, Washington Metropolitan Area - USA and New Brunswick - Canada .
The United States Military Lands were land grants given to Continental Army servicemen by the United States Congress for service in the American Revolutionary War .
The Midland Counties Railway was a railway company in the United Kingdom which existed between 1839 and 1844, connecting Nottingham, Leicester and Derby with Rugby and thence, via the London and Birmingham Railway, to London .
Erivan Governorate , grandnephew of Napoleon I, was made governor in 1905 to help calm the governorate after the Armenian-Tatar conflicts .
Marco Rose is a German footballer who is now manager of Red Bull Salzburg's under-16 team .
Thamesdown Transport is a bus operator serving the town of Swindon and the surrounding area in the Borough of Swindon and county of Wiltshire .
Darty, founded in 1957 by the Darty family in France, is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the UK-based Darty plc specialising in Electrical retailing .
Yon-Ka is a skincare brand and registered trademark owned by Laboratoires Multaler and Cie, a French company created in 1954 and specialised in ""phytoaromatic"" skincare .
Héctor King is a Mexican recording artist who has worked in Latin America as well as the United States .
Sally Lieber was a Democratic California State Assembly member and former Mountain View, California City Council member and Mayor .
Xavier ""Xevi"" Pons Puigdillers is a rally driver competing in the World Rally Championship .
Karachay Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast in the Soviet Union created on the 26th April 1926 .
WHM, LLC d a Luxury Resorts is a hospitality company that focuses on luxury hotels .
KZSW-LP is a low-power television station licensed to Temecula, California, with studios and principal offices in Murrieta, broadcasting locally on channel 27 as an independent station .
Nortek is a subsidiary of Nortek Group Limited that produces peripheral devices for personal computers, such as speakers, mice, keyboards and webcams as well as mp3 players, DVD players and televisions .
William Taylor Copeland, MP, Alderman was a British businessman and politician who served as Lord Mayor of London and a Member of Parliament .
Peter Cusack is an artist and musician who is a member of CRiSAP , featuring tracks like ""Banging Holes In Ice"" and ""Floating Icicles Rocked By Waves"" and ""Falling In"" .
Mark Jenkins is an American artist most widely known for the street installations he creates using clear packing tape .
Bombo Sports & Entertainment is a film production company based in Manhattan that specializes in sports documentaries for film and television .
JG Summit Holdings, Inc is one of the largest conglomerates in the Philippines with business interests in air transportation, banking, food manufacturing, hotels, petrochemicals, power generation, publishing, real estate and property development, and telecommunications .
The Micronesia Challenge is a regional inter-governmental initiative in the western Pacific region that would facilitate more effective conservation of marine and forest resources in Micronesia .
The Odessa Soviet Republic was a short-lived Soviet republic formed on January 31 [O .
KwikMed is an approved online pharmacy in the United States which has been granted regulatory approval to operate and sell medications online .
Odell’s is a supplier of popcorn topping and popping products to the concession industry in the Americas .
Gregory Paul Martin is a British writer/producer and actor of stage, film and television .
Antibe Therapeutics is a Toronto-based pharmaceutical company that develops inflammation-reducing drugs based on gaseous mediator technology .
BoltBus is an intercity bus common carrier that operates low cost, non-stop and limited-stop, premium level routes in the northeast and western United States and British Columbia, Canada .
Arve Henriksen is a Norwegian trumpet player, renowned for his distinctive, flute-like sound on the trumpet, inspired by the sound of the Japanese shakuhachi flute .
Ben Ely is an Australian musician and artist best known for his work with Brisbane indie/alternative rock band Regurgitator, a multi-ARIA Music Award winning group which formed in Brisbane, Australia in December 1993 .
Rev Dr Robert Coulter MLA He was a member of the Health, Social Service and Public Safety Committee in the 1998-2003 Assembly .
Thomas Hodges is a British artist, working primarily with photography, and is best known for his art-nude work .
Cabin Fever Media is a design studio founded in 1999 by the Dark Tranquillity guitarist, Niklas Sundin .
Chin State Chin State is bordered by Rakhine State in the south, Bangladesh in the south-west, Sagaing Division and Magway Division in the east, the Indian state of Manipur in the north and the Indian state of Mizoram in the west .
The foundation and rise of the Ottoman Empire is the period that started with the weakening of the Seljuq Sultanate of Rûm in the very early 14th century and ended with the fall of Constantinople on May 29, 1453 .
West Coast Shoe Company, commonly known as Wesco, is an American manufacturer of men's and women's boots based in Scappoose, Oregon .
Saxe-Weimar was one of the Saxon duchies held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in present-day Thuringia .
Dr Cecil Purser FRACP, was an Australian physician and served terms as chairman of Royal Prince Alfred Hospital and vice-chancellor and deputy chancellor of the University of Sydney .
Danieli ranks among three largest suppliers of equipment and plants to themetal industry in the world .
Charlotte Stokely was cast in a porn film; Stokely was then asked to appear on camera .
Julien Aklei is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and artist who spent her teen years in Louisville, Kentucky .
Christopher Leone is a Los Angeles-based filmmaker with a background in visual effects and CG animation .
Eddie Gale is an American trumpeter known for his work in free jazz, especially with the Sun Ra Arkestra .
Shinji Orito is a Japanese musical composer originally from Hyōgo, Japan working for the software company Key .
Wikia is a free web hosting service and a Wiki hosting service for wikis .
The Roanoke Colony, also known as the Lost Colony, established on Roanoke Island, in what is today's Dare County, North Carolina, United States, was a late 16th-century attempt by Queen Elizabeth I to establish a permanent English settlement .
Euroferrys was a Spanish ferry company that operated a passenger and freight roll-on/roll-off service between Algeciras and the North African ports of Tangier and Ceuta .
Sandra Bolden Cunningham is an American Democratic Party politician, who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 2007, where she represents the 31st Legislative District .
John Valentine is a member of the Utah State Senate, representing Utah's 14th Senate District since 1998 .
Hoàng Mai is a town of Quỳnh Lưu District, Nghệ An Province, in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Marie-Elena John is a Caribbean writer whose first novel, Unburnable, was published in 2006 .
Julio Le Parc and award winning artworks, he is a significant figure in Argentinean modern art .
Americas Petrogas Inc is a Canadian based Exploration and Production company focused in Argentina’s prolific Neuquen Basin where it is one of the largest land owners, with 960,000 net acres spread over 12 large blocks of which 9 blocks are located in the Vaca Muerta shale corridors .
MEWA Textil-Service is a business group in the Textile Service sector with 43 locations in Germany and other European countries .
Junagadh was a princely state of India, located in what is now Gujarat, outside but under the suzerainty of British India .
Shurat HaDin, Israel Law Center , founded in 2003, is a Tel Aviv-based civil rights non-governmental organization focused on representing terror victims and using litigation against groups that they accuse of supporting terrorism .
Sakakah , is an oasis town in northwestern Saudi Arabia and is the capital of Al Jawf Province .
Platinum Dunes is an American production company created in November 2001 by filmmakers Michael Bay, Brad Fuller, and Andrew Form .
Caiuby Francisco da Silva , commonly known as Caiuby is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Augsburg in the Bundesliga .
Julia Bradbury is an English television presenter, employed by the BBC and ITV, specialising in documentaries and consumer affairs .
Kwilu District is a district located in the Bandundu province, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The City of Glasgow Union Railway - City Union Line, also known as the Tron Line, was a railway company founded in Glasgow in 1864 to build a line connecting the railway systems north and south of the Clyde, and to build a central passenger terminus and a general goods depot for the city .
Regierungsbezirk Königsberg was a Regierungsbezirk, or government region, of the Prussian province of East Prussia from 1815 until 1945 .
Shockoe Hill is one of several hills on which much of the oldest portion of the City of Richmond, Virginia, U .
Telenor Group is a Norwegian multinational telecommunications company headquartered at Fornebu in Bærum, close to Oslo .
Merit Motion Pictures is a documentary film and television production company based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada .
Blaise Matuidi is a French international footballer who currently plays for French club PSG in Ligue 1 as a central midfielder .
GEA Westfalia Separator Group GmbH with head office in Oelde, Westphalia is a German manufacturer of separators and decanters which is affiliated to the GEA Group .
The Development Bank of Southern Africa by driving financial and non-financial investments in the social and economic infrastructure sectors"" .
The March was a southeastern state of the Holy Roman Empire in the High Middle Ages, the predecessor of the Duchy of Carniola .
Richard ""Rip"" Sullivan is a Northern Virginia community activist and a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from Virginia's 48th district, which encompasses parts of Arlington and McLean .
Gray Line Montreal, although a member of the Coach Canada family, is an independently managed operation, that also formerly carried the brand of Stagecoach Montréal .
The Principality of Trinidad was declared in 1893, when the American James Harden-Hickey claimed the uninhabited island Trindade and Martim Vaz in the South Atlantic and declared himself as James I, Prince of Trinidad .
Destiny is a DC Comics character created by Marv Wolfman and Bernie Wrightson, first appearing in Weird Mystery Tales #1 , and was regular host of that series for the first fourteen issues, after which he hosted Secrets of Haunted House .
Divya Palat is an Award winning Producer and Director for theatre plays like -""A Personal War- Stories of the Mumbai Terror Attacks"" and was a Hindi actress who has done many films such as Masti with Vivek Oberoi, Dhund with Apurva Agnihotri, Kuch Naa Kaho with Aishwarya and Abhishek Bachchan, Krishna Cottage with Sohail Khan, Dil Bechara Pyaar Ka Mara with actress Mallika Kapoor .
Ashoke Viswanathan , is a Bengali Indian filmmaker and theatre personality, based in Kolkata, India .
Office Holdings is a company that operates the ""Office"" chain of shoe shops in the UK, Ireland, Germany & Concessions In Las Vegas, New York & Chicago .
Nicosia is the capital and largest city on the island of Cyprus, as well as its main business centre .
Maurice Benayoun video, immersive virtual reality, the Web, wireless technology, performance, large-scale urban art installations and interactive exhibitions .
Mexico-Tenochtitlan About this sound audio , commonly known as Tenochtitlan on the island, the other being Tlatelolco .
Ultralase is a healthcare company based in the United Kingdom that specialises in vision correction through laser eye surgery .
Taraba State is a state of Nigeria, named after the Taraba River which traverses the southern part of the state .
New Jersey is a state in the Northeastern and Middle Atlantic regions of the United States .
Constantin Film AG is a German film production and film distribution company, based in Munich, Germany .
The Provisional National Government of the Southwestern Caucasus, Provisional National Government of South West Caucasia or Kars Republic was a short-lived nominally-independent provisional government based in Kars, northeastern Turkey .
Nicolas Dessum is a French former ski jumper who competed from 1994 to 2007 .
John Mark Painter , Sixpence None the Richer, Gabe Dixon Band, Sevendust, Jon Foreman, Frally Folds and others .
Damani Thompson, known by the stage names, Phesto and Phesto Dee , is an American rapper and producer .
Pinlaung is a town and seat of Pinlaung Township, in the Pa-O Self-Administered Zone of Shan State of eastern-central Burma .
HIP Video Promo is a privately owned music video promotion company based out of South River, New Jersey .
The Sovereign State of Forvik, previously referred to as the Crown Dependency of Forvik, is an unrecognised micronation run by Stuart ""Captain Calamity"" Hill .
Sydvaranger Gruve AS, previously A/S Sydvaranger, is an iron ore mining company operating in Sør-Varanger, Norway .
Village Roadshow Theme Parks is a division of Village Roadshow Limited which operates theme parks and attractions in Australia and the United States of America .
Carole Dekeijser where she illustrated several scientific books for, among others, the neuro-psychiatric department of the Brussels Military Hospital and the pharmaceutical company Park-Davis .
Michael Gremio, born Michael Smith on August 25, 1983 in Omaha, Nebraska was the lead vocalist for the Nebraskan power metal band, Cellador .
Kapurthala State, with its capital at Kapurthala, was a former Princely state of Punjab, spread across 352 square miles .
Crow Family Holdings was formed as a family office to own and manage the capital of the Trammell Crow family .
Belvoir Federal Credit Union or Belvoir Federal was organized in 1946 by employees of the Engineering Center on Fort Belvoir, Virginia .
David Blunkett for Sheffield Brightside and Hillsborough, having represented Sheffield Brightside from 1987 to 2010 .
Volos , it is an important industrial centre, while its port provides a bridge between Europe, the Middle East and Asia .
For the park named Washington SyCip, see hereWashington SyCip, PLH BOLk RNO1kl is a Filipino Chinese accountant, and founder of the Asian Institute of Management and Sycip Gorres Velayo and Company .
Jon Georg Balke is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer currently known for his Magnetic North Orchestra .
Rooms To Go Incorporated is a Seffner, Florida-based furniture store chain with 106 stores operating in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Puerto Rico .
Khaled Habib El-Kebich , and the film Nattbok by Carl Henrik Svenstedt, “Vingar av glas” and “Cappricciosa” directed by Reza Bagher,”Huvudrollen” by Leyla Assaf-Tangroth .
Nazargunj is an Indian princely state, originating in Purnea, in the state of Bihar .
Jacinta Escudos, born in San Salvador, is a writer whose body of work includes novels, short stories, poetry, creative nonfiction, and journalistic chronicles that have been published in such Central American daily outlets as La Nación for her book, Crónicas para sentimentales .
Magelang is one of six cities in Central Java, each of which is governed by a mayor rather than a bupati .
Penama is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu, located in the northeast of the country and consisting of three major islands: Ambae Maewo and Pentecost .
Thrifty White is an American pharmacy chain with operations in six states, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Iowa .
Brendan Croker is a musician from Leeds who has recorded albums under his own name and with occasional backing band; The Five O'Clock Shadows .
Stanford Technology Trading Group International was a shell company founded by USAF Major General Richard V .
Kairos Future is an international research and management consulting firm specializing in foresight, market research and scenario-based strategy and innovation .
Tormod Granheim is a Norwegian adventurer and motivational speaker involved in expeditions and extreme skiing .
Sierra SunTower is a 5 MW commercial concentrating solar power plant built and operated by eSolar .
The Confederation of UK Coal Producers is the UK trade association for coal mining companies .
Founded by Bob Mair in 1991, Black Toast Music is an independent music publisher/production music library located in Los Angeles, CA .
Hach Company manufactures and distributes analytical instruments and reagents used to test the quality of water and other liquid solutions .
Jeremy Marre is a television director, writer and producer who founded Harcourt Films and has worked extensively around the world .
Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Roane County, Tennessee, United States, and is adjacent to Watts Bar Lake .
Nauru Television , established on 31 May 1991, is the government-owned, non-commercial sole television company in the Republic of Nauru .
Tropos Networks is a wireless mesh networking company that provides hardware, embedded software and network management application software for building large scale wireless networks .
Solar Millennium is a German globally active company in the renewable energy sector founded in 1998 in Erlangen, Germany, which is specialized in the designing and implementation of solar thermal power plants .
Turner Suspension Bicycles, Inc is an American bicycle frame manufacturer, based in Murrieta, California, specializing in full suspension mountain bikes .
The Lost Cause is a regional American literary movement seeking to reconcile the traditionalist white society of the antebellum South that they admire, to the defeat of the Confederate States of America in the American Civil War of 1861–1865 .
Artists Recording Collective in early 2008 to critical acclaim and national radio chart success .
I'll Share My World with You is an album by American country music artist George Jones .
Jay and Silent Bob are fictional characters portrayed by Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith, respectively, in Kevin Smith's View Askewniverse, a fictional universe created and used in most of the films, comics and television programs written and produced by Smith, beginning with Clerks .
The Pamalayu expedition was a military expeditionary force sent by Javanese King Kertanegara of Singhasari to conquer the Sumatran Melayu Kingdom .
Infernal Bridegroom Productions was a theater company located in Houston, Texas, formed in 1993 and dissolved in 2007 .
According to its website, Deep Stealth Productions was founded by Calpernia Addams and Andrea James and produces entertainment and educational content for several media .
Amanda Lindsay Overmyer is an American rock singer-songwriter from Camden, Indiana who was the eleventh place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol .
Sweet, founded by Shannon Wentworth and Jen Rainen in April 2008, is a travel company, which sells eco-friendly vacation packages and tours to the lesbian community .
Navneet Education Limited is in the business of Educational and children Books Publishing, Scholastic paper stationery and non-paper stationery products .
iSkin is a company based in Toronto, Ontario mostly known for its iPod cases, which it first released in 2002 .
Standing Point Films is an independent visual and audio media production house based in Chicago and specializing in documentary and socially critical media projects .
CrossCountry is a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Arriva UK Trains operating the New Cross Country franchise .
Swedavia AB is a Swedish nationally owned company, which owns and operates the major airports of Sweden .
The Principality of Montenegro was a former realm in Southeastern Europe that existed from 13 March 1852 to 28 August 1910 .
South Ossetia or Tskhinvali Region is a disputed region and partially recognised state in the South Caucasus, located in the territory of the South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast within the former Georgian SSR of the Soviet Union .
Rafiq Tağı, born Rafig Nazir oglu Taghiyev was an Azerbaijani journalist who worked for Sanat newspaper until police arrested him and Sanat editor Samir Sadagatoglu for ""Europe and Us"", an article that was deemed to be critical of Islam and the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Foonly was a short-lived American computer company formed by Dave Poole, one of the principal Super Foonly designers as well as one of hackerdom's more colourful personalities .
Khalil Fong is an American-born Hong Kong soul Mandopop singer-songwriter signed to Gold Typhoon .
Lane Clark & Peacock , and is regulated by the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries .
The Idaho Northern Railroad built a branch line of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company , owner of the OR&N .
Carles Santos is an unclassifiable Spanish artist who began his career as a pianist and later worked in many other creative disciplines, including musical composition, filmmaking, screenwriting, acting, scenic musical shows, graphics, montage, sculpture, photography, poetry, and prose .
Maximos IV Sayegh was Patriarch of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church from 1947 until his death in 1967 .
Omega Christian Television is a Christian television station founded by Eiríkur Sigurbjörnsson which started broadcasting on 28 July 1992 .
Gaute Ormåsen is a Norwegian singer and was the Idol runner-up to Kurt Nilsen in 2003 .
Smallfilms is a British company that made animated television programmes for children, from 1959 to the 1980s .
Bopolu is the capital city of Gbarpolu County, Liberia, and is located 100 kilometers north of Monrovia .
Alpek is the largest petrochemical group in Mexico and one of the largest in Latin America .
Marian-Jean Marinescu , and, after 2004, he was a member of the Dolj County Council, before winning a seat in the 2004 legislative election on the Justice and Truth common list .
The Victor Insulator Company based in Victor, NY is the oldest insulator company in North America .
Raconteur Theatre Company is a Columbus, Ohio theater formed in 2007 after the merger of two of the city's longstanding theater companies, Miscreant Productions and the Bison Theatre .
Myingyan is a city and district in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar, previously, it was a district in the Meiktila Division of Upper Burma .
Jesús Alberto Dátolo is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Atlético Mineiro .
Andor Technology Ltd is a developer and manufacturer of high performance light measuring solutions and Intensified charge-coupled device camera systems, spectroscopy instrumentation, and microscopy systems .
Tal Afar (Arabic: تلعفر or تل عفر‎, Turkish: Telafer, is a city and district in northwestern Iraq in the Ninawa Governorate located approximately 50 km west of Mosul and 200 km north west of Kirkuk .
Edizioni Marco Valerio was founded in Turin, Italy, on 1 August 2000 as an academic publishing house .
Zinifex was an Australian company which operated two zinc and lead mines, three zinc refineries and a lead smelter .
Hotan , Hotan is situated in the Tarim Basin, some 1500 km southwest of the regional capital Urumqi .
Antigoni Goni is a Greek guitarist, recording artist, and concertizer, and the founder and Chair of the Pre-College Division of the Guitar Department at the Juilliard SchoolShe studied with Evangelos Assimakopoulos at the National Conservatory of Athens, with John Mills at the Royal Academy of Music in London and extensively in master classes with Julian Bream .
Jaclyn Nesheiwat Stapp is a beauty queen, philanthropist and fashion model with pageant roots in Florida and New York .
Alexandru Ioan Morțun , part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, and became an MEP on January 1, 2007, with the accession of Romania to the European Union .
TTPost is the Trinidad and Tobago postal corporation, responsible for the postal services in Trinidad and Tobago .
The United Arab Republic , it was a member of the United Arab States, a confederation with North Yemen .
Amadeus I , but it is almost certainly the same Count Amadeus as the son of Humbert I .
SeaStreak is a private ferry company operating in the Port of New York and New Jersey and in New England .
The Insurance Institute of India is an insurance education society of professionals established in 1955 in Mumbai for the purpose of imparting insurance education to persons engaged or interested in insurance .
Ed Donovan is a SAG actor and the editor/publisher of In Focus Magazine, Florida's film, television and the arts industry magazine .
Red Sea , Gebiet Elma'din, Halayib, Haya, Sawakin, Sinkat, Gunob Awlieb, Derodieb, Tokar and Ageeg .
Sokoto is a city located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria, near the confluence of the Sokoto River and the Rima River .
André Sardet is a Portuguese singer and musician, born in the city of Coimbra in 8 January 1976 .
William Hay, Baron Hay of Ballyore was the Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly from 8 May 2007 to 13 October 2014 .
Felicia ""Flay"" Brandström is a Swedish singer and competed as one of the finalists in Idol 2006 — the Swedish version of Idol .
The World Wide Web Foundation is an organization dedicated to the improvement and availability of the World Wide Web .
Established in 1936, Novocherkassk Electric Locomotive Plant is based in the Russian town of Novocherkassk, Rostov Region .
Finance Bank Zambia Limited , commonly referred to as Finance Bank, is a commercial bank in Zambia .
Citizens Telecommunications Company of the White Mountains is a frontier operating company providing local telephone services to portions of Arizona .
Thomas Evans Jr was an English musician and songwriter, most notable for his work with the band Badfinger .
Aigle is a French footwear and textile company founded in 1853 as the Compagnie du Caoutchouc Souple by the American businessman Hiram Hutchinson .
Prahlad Acharya is a prominent magician, illusionist, escapologist, and stunt performer from Udupi, Karnataka, India .
Bob Ebinger is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 62 since 2007 .
Samuel Hutt, known by the stage name Hank Wangford , is an English country and western songwriter .
In Greek mythology, Eurybates was the herald for the Greek armies during the Trojan War .
James Arthur Beard is an American jazz pianist and keyboardist, contemporary instrumental composer, arranger and record producer .
Norbert Weisser is a German-born American film and theatre actor who is best known for his many roles in Albert Pyun-directed films .
Dallas Wesley ""Wes"" Durham on Fox Sports Net due to his experience broadcasting in the conference .
Reel FX is a design, visual effects, animation and entertainment studio based in Dallas, Texas and Santa Monica, California .
Myothit is a town of Myothit Township in Magway District in the Magway Division in Myanmar .
Festival Foods is a family owned grocery store chain based in Minnesota and operates 7 stores in the Twin Cities .
Ninsun Poli is an Assyrian singer and songwriter raised in Botkyrka, a suburb of Stockholm, Sweden .
Jamahl Lolesi is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s .
Rami Yacoub , known professionally as Rami, is a Swedish music producer and songwriter and former member of the successful songwriting/production houses Cheiron Studios and Maratone .
Harry Manfredini is an American film composer and jazz-soloist, who has scored more than one hundred films, most notably perhaps being the Friday the 13th film series .
The Lodi dynasty was an Afghan dynasty that ruled parts of northern India and Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of modern-day Pakistan, from 1451 to 1526 .
The Treaty of Fort Finney, also known as the Treaty at the Mouth of the Great Miami, was signed on January 31, 1786 between the United States and Shawnee leaders after the American Revolutionary War, ceding parts of the Ohio country to the United States .
The Central African Republic , the country had a low level of human development, ranking at 185th out of 187 countries .
The Taifa of Segura was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed from 1147 to probably around 1150 .
Xanalys Limited is an independent software company founded in January 2009 when the Analytics and Investigative Management division of Tiburon Inc .
John Welwood is an American clinical psychologist, psychotherapist, teacher, and author, known for integrating psychological and spiritual concepts .
Tampa Bay Water is a regional wholesale drinking water utility that serves customers in the Tampa Bay, Florida region .
Thom Pinto is an American voice actor and voice director for Voicetrax San Francisco .
Takayoshi Murota , known better as MURO, is an active Japanese hip hop producer and DJ .
Jacob's is a brand name for several lines of biscuits and crackers in Ireland and the United Kingdom .
Mark McGuckin is the co-host, writer, creator, and creative producer of the Canadian television series Road Hockey Rumble .
The People's Revolutionary Government of the Republic of China with its founding being year one .
Nancy Ann Nord was a commissioner on the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission in 2008 .
WordAlive Publishers provides transformational content by publishing, marketing and distributing Christian books in sub-Saharan Africa and beyond .
Noel Williams is an Alliance Party of Northern Ireland politician, Councillor on Carrickfergus Borough Council and a former Royal Air Force Wing Commander .
Serbian Autonomous Oblast was a self-proclaimed Serbian Autonomous Oblast within today's Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Eddy Planckaert at the 1988 Tour de France and winning the Tour of Flanders .
Pakshiraja Studios was a motion picture movie studio in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, established by S .
Aker ASA is a Norwegian holding company engaged in offshore fishing, construction and engineering .
The Taifa of Morón was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1010 to 1066 .
Donaldsonville is a city in and the parish seat of Ascension Parish in south Louisiana, United States, located along the River Road of the west bank of the Mississippi River .
António Maria de Mello Breyner Félix da Costa is a Portuguese auto racing driver, best known for winning the Macau Grand Prix invitational Formula Three race in 2012, as well as the Formula Renault 2 .
Tom Bianchi is an American writer and photographer who specializes in male nude photography .
Metrowerks was a company that developed software development tools for various desktop, handheld, embedded, and gaming platforms .
The archaeological site of Ciudad Vieja is located roughly 10 km south of Suchitoto, in the Cuscatlan Department of central El Salvador .
The Augusta Confederate Monument also known as the Richmond County Confederate Monument is located in the median of the 700 block of Broad Street in downtown Augusta, Georgia .
La Rioja is the capital city of the Argentine province of La Rioja, located in the east of the province .
Carmen Rita Wong is an American radio, television & online journalist, and personal finance expert at CNBC where she was the former host of the 2005 version of On the Money, a personal finance program .
The British Empire comprised the dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates and other territories ruled or administered by the United Kingdom .
Sándor Kónya-Hamar is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Romania and Member of the European Parliament .
Letta Mbulu , and the 1973 film A Warm December, and she was a guest on a Season 6 episode of Soul Train .
Arsen Roulette to Argentine immigrants, is an American singer, lyricist, guitar player and upright bass player from Fresno, California .
French Equatorial Africa or the AEF was the federation of French colonial possessions in Central Africa, extending northwards from the Congo River to the Sahara .
Eric Theodore Cartman is a main character in the animated television series South Park, created by Matt Stone and Trey Parker, and voiced by Trey Parker .
Kalabahi is a town on Alor Island and it is the capital of Alor Regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia .
Janaki Devi Bajaj was an Indian independence activist who was jailed for participating in Civil Disobedience Movement in 1932 .
South-West Africa was the name for modern-day Namibia when it was ruled by the German Empire and later South Africa .
The Electorate of Hesse was a state elevated by Napoleon in 1803 from the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel .
Adrian Lambert is an English bassist and songwriter who currently plays for thrash metal band Biomechanical and progressive rock band Son of Science .
Marisol Malaret Contreras is a Puerto Rican entrepreneur, former talk show host, model, and beauty pageant titleholder .
The Vasseti Group consists of multiple businesses in various fields, ranging from telecommunications to lifestyle concepts .
Dili is the capital, largest city, chief port and commercial center of East Timor .
Stephen Elliott is an American author and activist living in Brooklyn, NY who has written and published seven books and directed two films .
Ray Colcord is an American film and television composer, known for TV series such as 227, The Facts of Life, Silver Spoons, My Two Dads, Dinosaurs, Big Brother, and Boy Meets World .
RH & RW Clutton founded in 1743 is an independent limited liability partnership that has a history in providing property services to Homeowners and Landowners from offices in the South East, West Midlands and East Anglia .
Robert ""Rob"" Duffy is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ilkeston .
Tiruvannamalai District is one of the 32 districts in the state of Tamil Nadu, in South India .
Maus Frères SA is a Swiss holding company that owns department stores and other loosely related businesses, mostly in Switzerland, but with some major international interests .
Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates is an American non-profit multi-specialty group medical practice operating in eastern Massachusetts .
Joseph Dillon Ford , a seminal event featuring new music composed in traditional tonal and modal styles .
McPherson is a custom manufacturer of precision optical instruments and systems for measuring and characterizing spectra .
Darko Savić is a Serbian footballer who plays as a defender for Botev Vratsa .
The State of Mexico , that describes the people or things from the country as a whole .
Impact Pro Wrestling , Vinny Dunn and female wrestler Evie, all of whom having been featured in the New Zealand national media, as well as appearances from major American stars such as Christy Hemme, Rob Van Dam, Raven, Disco Inferno and The Sandman .
Wolfgang Palm , and the inventor and creator of various pioneering technical designs for analog and digital synthesizers .
The State of Buenos Aires was a secessionist republic resulting from the overthrow of the Argentine Confederation government in the Province of Buenos Aires on September 11, 1852 .
PV Crystalox Solar plc is a supplier to solar cell manufacturers, producing multicrystalline silicon wafers for use in solar electricity generation systems .
Jakub 'Kuba' Smrž in the fourth round of the season at Assen and first pole position in the eighth round at Misano Adriatico .
Zscaler is a global cloud-based information security company that provides antivirus, vulnerability management and granular control of user activity in Web, email and mobile environments .
Eckerö Linjen is a Finnish shipping company operating a ferry between Berghamn harbour in Eckerö in the Åland Islands and Grisslehamn in Sweden .
Statoil Fuel & Retail is a Norwegian energy retail company, formed by the 2010 separation of the downstream business of Statoil ASA into a separate listed company .
Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller is an investment bank focused on mergers and acquisitions advisory services, private placements of debt and equity as well as equity research .
Phong Bui is an artist, writer, independent curator, and Co-Founder, Editor-in-Chief, and Publisher of The Brooklyn Rail, a free monthly arts, culture, and politics journal .
Marius Constantin Niculae , three Romanian Cups, one UEFA Cup runner-up, one Romanian Super Cup and one Portuguese Supercup .
Jay Mariotti is the host of The Mariotti Show, a print and broadcast internet venture .
The transport wing of Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport Undertaking operates a large number of bus services in the Mumbai metropolitan area .
Ram Charan is an Indian-American business consultant, speaker, and writer resident in Dallas, Texas .
Jinhan was a loose confederacy of chiefdoms that existed from around the 1st century BC to the 4th century AD in the southern Korean peninsula, to the east of the Nakdong River valley, Gyeongsang Province .
Amy Sue Vruwink is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 70th Assembly District since 2002 .
The Peshawar Press Club is an organisation of journalists and professionals working in media in Peshawar, Pakistan .
The Bank of New Brunswick was established on March 25, 1820 in the pre-Confederation Province of New Brunswick, Canada as the first Canadian bank to operate under a charter .
Charlotte Cooper is a London-based British writer and outspoken advocate for gay rights and fat acceptance .
Sultanate of Banjar was a sultanate located in what is today the South Kalimantan Province of Indonesia .
Garrick Hagon is a film, stage, television and radio actor best known for his role as Biggs Darklighter in Star Wars: A New Hope .
RE Amemiya Car Co Ltd , their driver Masao Suenaga, scored a sole victory at Fuji Speedway, but finished as runner up overall in the Grand Prix, losing by just one point to Yasuyuki Kazama .
In Greek mythology, Canace , by Italian playwright Sperone Speroni, as well as being the subject of a tale in Gower's Confessio Amantis .
Hatchet House is the sub-label of independent record label Psychopathic Records, based in Royal Oak, Michigan in the United States, which was formed in 2007 by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
Volkswind GmbH belongs to the leading Independent Power Producers in Europe and with over 40 wind farms is one of the largest operators of wind farms in Germany .
Marc Torrejón Moya is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for German club SC Freiburg as a central defender .
Andrew Jackson Bettwy , an Arizona Democrat, served as Mayor of Nogales, Arizona, from 1935 to 1937, was an Arizona delegate at the Democratic National Conventions of 1924 and 1928, was elected state senator from Santa Cruz Country in 1926 and 1928, and was an unsuccessful candidate for governor in the 1930, 1932, 1934, 1936, and 1938 primary elections and in the 1932 general election .
Norsk Bane is a Norwegian limited company that is working on plans to build a high-speed railway throughout large portions of Norway .
Álvaro Negredo Sánchez , his early career was associated with Real Madrid, although he could never become a part of its first-team setup, going on to represent other clubs in his country, with his longest spell being at Sevilla .
Hannah Dustin Howell is a best-selling American author of over 40 historical romance novels .
Sport Newspapers was the English publishing firm responsible for The Daily Sport, Sunday Sport and a number of mid-shelf and top shelf magazine titles such as Adult Sport, Sport Babes, Sport Reader's Wives and Ladsmag .
The Space Fellowship is an international news and information network dedicated to the development of the space industry .
Capital & Regional plc is a large British manager of property assets - mainly shopping centres - for funds in which it has a significant stake .
Vietnam Mobile Telecom Services is a major Vietnamese mobile network operator headquartered in Trung Hoa Nhan Chinh, Hanoi .
Ritchies is the largest independent supermarket chain in Australia, owned by a group of private investors including Metcash .
Austin Scarlett is an American fashion designer and artist best known for his appearances on the first season of Project Runway, the 2012 ""Project Runway: All-Stars"", and his own series, On the Road with Austin and Santino .
The Michigan Central Railroad was originally incorporated in 1846 to establish rail service between Detroit, Michigan and St .
The Mughan Soviet Republic was a short-lived pro-Bolshevik state that existed in present-day southeastern Azerbaijan from March to June 1919 .
Palatinate-Kleeburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, which centered on the Alsatian lordship of Cleeburg .
Planet M is an Indian music retail store founded by The Times Group all over India .
Costa Rica Happy Planet Index, which measures environmental sustainability, and identified by the NEF as the greenest country in the world in 2009 .
The NUS Dance Synergy is a dance company at the National University of Singapore .
Emiliano Sanchez is an Argentine speedway rider, currently riding in the British Premier League for the Sheffield Tigers .
Midwest Airlines is an airline based in Cairo, Egypt, operating chartered passenger flights within Egypt and to Europe .
Natalie Jane Anderson is an English actress best known for her roles as Alicia Metcalfe in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale and Stella Davenport in the medical drama The Royal .
Japanese National Railways or ""JNR"", was the body which operated the national railway network of Japan from 1949 to 1987 .
Joshua Kurt ""Josh"" Hayes , and also won the 2014, the last under AMA Pro Racing sanction .
The Wells Street Gallery was one of Chicago's vanguard galleries of the late 1950s .
Tanjung Pinang is the capital and second largest city of the Indonesian province of Riau Islands after Batam .
Tlaxcala , is one of the 31 states which along with the Federal District make up the 32 federative entities of Mexico .
Lower Slobbovia , the term has also been used by Americans to refer in an informal way to any foreign country of no particular distinction .
Alice Taylor is founder of MakieLab, an ""'entertainment playspace for young people' that will invite users to download and print 3D dolls and accessories .
Lebanon , the country experienced a period of relative calm and renowned prosperity, driven by tourism, agriculture, commerce, and banking .
Carál Ní Chuilín MLA is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and former Provisional IRA member .
Patrick Arnold is an American organic chemist known for introducing androstenedione, 1-Androstenediol, and methylhexanamine into the dietary supplement market, and for creating the designer steroid tetrahydrogestrinone, also known as THG and ""the clear"" .
The Bozeman Watch Company of Bozeman, Montana, is an American company that designs and engineers its own timepieces and has its mechanical components certified by the Contrôle Officiel Suisse des Chronomètres certified timepieces .
MILMEGA is a company specializing in designing and manufacturing solid state, high power amplifiers for Electromagnetic compatibility for International Business .
The Provisional Government of Western Thrace in the west, the Rhodope Mountains in the north and the Aegean Sea in the south .
Chris Elley is the founder and current Director of Austin, Texas-based film production company Electro-Fish Media Inc .
The ICA Group is an American not-for-profit entity specializing in consulting organizations wishing to become fully owned by the employees .
In Greek mythology, Hipponous referred to several people:Hipponous, father of Capaneus and Periboea with Astynome .
ACP Rail International, a division of ACP Marketing, markets and distributes international rail products to travel agents, tour operators and consumers .
Jon McLaughlin is an American pop rock singer-songwriter, producer and pianist from Anderson, Indiana .
Anthony ""Tony"" Victor Okungbowa is an English American actor, film producer, and disc jockey .
Yên Lạc is a township and capital town of Na Rì District, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam .
Albert Coutinho is a former American Democratic Party politician, who represented the 29th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8, 2008, until his resignation on September 11, 2013 .
The Taifa of Jaén was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for only two very short periods, first in 1145 and secondly in 1168 .
LeSean Thomas, a South Bronx native, is an American television animation producer, director, animator, comic book artist, writer, character designer in Los Angeles .
Born in Brooklyn, NY, Joey Salvia is a singer, songwriter, and radio personality in New York City for ESPN's WEPN .
Rabbi Shergill , and ""semi-Sufi semi-folksy kind of music with a lot of Western arrangements .
Tim Levinson, better known by the stage name Urthboy, is an Australian hip-hop MC and producer from the Australian state of New South Wales .
Kenneth Møller Pedersen is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for Danish side FC Fredericia .
DJ EZ is a DJ from Tottenham, North London, specialising in UK garage music .
Mamoru Fujieda is a Japanese composer associated with the postminimalist movement of contemporary classical music .
Henry Tamburin is a gambling author with a background in mathematics and a doctorate in chemistry .
Lindy John Remigino is an American track and field athlete, the 1952 Olympic 100 m champion .
Nicole Arbour is a Canadian comedian, recording artist, actor, writer, choreographer, and producer from Hamilton, Ontario .
The Tuʻi Tonga Empire or Tongan Empire in Oceania are descriptions sometimes given to Tongan expansionism and projected hegemony dating back to 950 CE, but at its peak during the period 1200–1500 .
The Emirate of Crete was a Muslim state that existed on the Mediterranean island of Crete from the late 820s to the Byzantine reconquest of the island in 961 .
Zumba is a dance fitness program created by Colombian dancer and choreographer Alberto ""Beto"" Perez during the 1990s .
The Jefferson Davis Monument State Historic Site is a Kentucky state park commemorating the birthplace of Jefferson Davis, the president of the Confederate States of America, in Fairview, Kentucky .
Andrew Crawford is an Irish Entrepreneur and the former CEO & Founder of The Book Depository .
Taketo Shiokawa is a Japanese football player who has recently played for the J .
Actis Capital LLP , an organization established by the UK Government in 1948 to invest in developing economies in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean .
Birach Broadcasting Corporation is a Southfield, Michigan-based company that owns several AM radio stations and one low-power television station in the US .
HCL AXON is a British-based business transformation consultancy which sells its services to customers using SAP and Oracle as their Enterprise Resource Planning system modeling tools .
The Treaty of Hoe Buckintoopa was signed on August 31, 1803 between the Choctaw of Choctaw land .
Laramidia was an island continent that existed during the Late Cretaceous period , when the Western Interior Seaway split the continent of North America in two .
Arlo Hanlin Hemphill as one of 100+ global biodiversity experts, credited for his expertise pertaining to the Greater Caribbean and the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena biodiversity hotspots .
Semnan is located in the central northern portion of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Tommy Mandel is a keyboardist who is most famous for playing with Bryan Adams, from 1981 to 1998, starting with Bryan Adams's album You Want It You Got It .
Röya, also known as Röya Ayxan, is an Azerbaijani pop singer and celebrity in Azerbaijan .
Melniboné , also known as the Dragon Isle, is an imaginary country, an island featured in the writings of Michael Moorcock .
Image Metrics is a 3D facial animation and Virtual Try-on company headquartered in El Segundo, with offices in Las Vegas, and research facilities in Manchester .
Miyuki Kanbe was a Japanese model and actress from Kanagawa Prefecture employed by the talent agency Rouge .
The Riblet Tramway Company of Spokane, Washington, which operated from 1908 to 2003, was once the largest ski chairlift manufacturer in the world .
Kammanu was a Luwian - Proto-Armenian speaking Neo-Hittite state in Armenian Highlands in the late 2nd millennium BC, formed from part of Kizzuwatna after the collapse of the Hittite Empire .
Saw is a town of Saw Township in Gangaw District in the Magway Division in Burma .
Borduria is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
The Vruwink MotorCycles company, short VMC, is a Dutch Sidecarcross frame manufacturer, having won eleven riders and six manufacturers world championships in this sport .
Michael Wallis for After Words on Book TV, 29 April 2007, discussing his latest book, Billy the Kid: The Endless Ride .
Chrissa Joan Miller Benson is a beauty queen from Bismarck, North Dakota who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
The Independent State of Rainbow Creek was an Australian secessionist micronation active during the 1970s and 80s .
A Place for Mom, founded in 2000, is a privately held, for-profit senior care referral service based in Seattle, Washington .
Television Preview is a market research company that purports to test pilots of new television shows while actually looking for audience's reactions to commercials presented in a ""home-like"" atmosphere between breaks in these shows .
African Diamond Producers Association is an intergovernmental organization that seeks to strengthen the level of influence African diamond-producing countries have on the world diamond market .
Tayburn Ltd is a large design and communication agencies in Scotland, focussed on brand packaging, corporate identity and stakeholder reporting .
Ubiquity Records is an American music label that focuses on funk, rare groove, soul, and hip hop and other musical genres .
Rónán Thomas Mullen is an independent Irish Senator and former delegate to the Council of Europe .
Pilar Revuelta is a Spanish film set decorator and art director based in Madrid who won an Oscar for Best Achievement in Art Direction with Eugenio Caballero for the movie Pan's Labyrinth .
Kyoto Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kansai region of the island of Honshu .
Ramone Johnson, better known by his stage name Cashis , is an American rapper who was born and raised in Chicago, but moved to Irvine, California .
Andy Barlow is a British producer and artist most famous for his work with chilled downtempo electronic band Lamb which he co-founded with singer Lou Rhodes .
The Market Harborough Building Society is a UK building society, which has its headquarters in Market Harborough, Leicestershire .
Angang Steel Company Limited or Ansteel is a joint-stock limited company parented by Anshan Iron and Steel Group, which is supervised by State Council of the People's Republic of China .
Albany Josefina Lozada Jiménez competed as Miss Portuguesa in her country's national beauty pageant Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of Miss World Venezuela .
The Western United States, commonly referred to as the American West or simply the West, traditionally refers to the region comprising the westernmost states of the United States .
Seaboard International is a privately held manufacturer of highly engineered oil and gas pressure control equipment providing services for worldwide onshore and offshore oil & gas exploration, drilling and production operations .
El Brocal is a Peruvian mining company engaged in the extraction, concentration and sale of precious and non-ferrous metals .
Yanzhou Coal Mining Company , majority owned by Yankuang Group, is a coal mining company in Mainland China .
Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market is a chain of grocery stores in the western United States, headquartered in El Segundo, California .
The Under Secretary of the Navy is the second-highest ranking civilian official in the United States Department of the Navy .
Ora Denise Allen , known by the stage name Denise LaSalle, is an American blues and R&B/soul singer, songwriter, and record producer who, since the death of Koko Taylor, has been recognized as the ""Queen of the Blues"" .
FremantleMedia Australia is the Australian arm of FremantleMedia and was formed in 2006 by the merger of two great names in Australian television industry - Crackerjack Productions and Grundy Television, who had been both acquired by FremantleMedia .
The Anatolian beylik of Germiyan with its capital in Kütahya was one of the prominent frontier principalities established by Oghuz Turkish clans after the decline of Seljuq Sultanate of Rûm .
Airblaster is a clothing company of the United States that makes clothing and accessories for snowboarding and winter fun .
Azania Bank Limited, whose formal name is First Adili Bancorp Limited, and is commonly referred to as Azania Bank, is a commercial bank in Tanzania .
Leor Energy is a Houston-based natural gas exploration company focused primarily on unconventional gas in North America .
K-Rep Bank is a commercial bank in Kenya, licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator .
Andriy Zborovskyi is a Ukrainian football midfielder for PFC Sevastopol in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Friendly Fire Recordings is an independent record label based in Brooklyn, founded by Dan Koplowitz in 2004 .
Vídeo Brinquedo is a Brazilian animation studio, located in São Paulo, that produces low-budget direct-to-video animations .
Informa Research Services is a United States–based market research company that primarily serves financial services organizations nationwide .
Foundation Systems Limited was firstly an independent and then more latterly, a specialist UK direct delivery Value Added Reseller .
Behance is a network of sites and services specializing in self-promotion, including consulting and online portfolio sites .
The Kingdom of Lunda , was a pre-colonial African confederation of states in what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo, north-eastern Angola and northwestern Zambia .
In solid-state physics, a band gap, also called an energy gap or bandgap, is an energy range in a solid where no electron states can exist .
GoMobo is a mobile and online food ordering platform that allows customers to order food from online menus .
Ania Dykczak, also known as Anna Piwowarska is a historian and television presenter, living in London, England and Warsaw, Poland .
Inteco is a Russian construction company, 99% of which is owned by Yelena Baturina, Russia's richest woman and wife of former Moscow city mayor, Yuriy Luzhkov .
The Willy Street Cooperative is a food cooperative located in Madison, Wisconsin that specializes in natural, organic and locally produced foods .
Post City Magazines is an independently owned Toronto-based publisher of seven magazines that are distributed monthly to an affluent readership in Toronto and the Greater Toronto Area: the Bayview Post, North York Post, North Toronto Post, Village Post, Thornhill Post, Richmond Hill Post and the Midtown Post .
Maureen ""Mau"" Flores Marcelo is a Filipina Puerto Rican R&B soul singer who rose to prominence as the first winner of Philippine Idol in 2006 .
Armands Strazds , and editor of the ""Latvia Renewed"" economic development program, ISBN 978-9984-49-055-7, Riga 2010 .
Jean Derome scene, Derome has been a member of a number of experimental jazz and rock groups, and has appeared on over 30 albums, including seven solo albums .
ClearSpeed Technology Ltd is a semiconductor company, formed in 2002 to develop enhanced SIMD processors for use in high-performance computing and embedded systems .
Elegant Angel Productions is a pornographic film studio located in Canoga Park, California and owned by Patrick Collins .
Randall Edwards is an American politician who most recently served as the state treasurer of the state of Oregon .
Per Gustav Edvard Fridolin is a Swedish politician and the current Minister of Education, having been appointed in 2014 .
Terek Soviet Republic was created within the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic on the territory of the Terek Oblast .
Holzindustrie Schweighofer is part of the Schweighofer Group and has its roots in an Austrian family business with more than 400 years of experience in woodworking .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom .
The Torres Strait Regional Authority is an Australian Government body established to administer the Torres Strait Islands .
Brian Harry Freemantle is an English thriller and non-fiction writer, known for his 1977 spy novel Charlie M .
Taika Waititi , also known as Taika Cohen, is a New Zealand film director, writer, painter, comedian, and actor .
Ukraine has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twelve times, debuting in 2003 with a 14th place finish for Oleksandr Ponomaryov, before winning at their second attempt when Ruslana won the 2004 contest with ""Wild Dances"" .
In Greek mythology, Epione was the goddess of soothing of pain; in fact, her name actually means soothing .
China Shipping Haisheng A share, which are both traded in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange .
The Nunavut Liquor Commission regulates the distribution, purchase and sale of alcoholic beverages in the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
The Exarchate of Africa or of Carthage, after its capital, was the name of an administrative division of the Eastern Roman Empire encompassing its possessions on the Western Mediterranean, ruled by an exarch, or viceroy .
The Protectorate General to Pacify the West, Grand Protectorate General to Pacify the West, or Anxi Protectorate was a Chinese outpost established by Tang Dynasty in 640 to control the Tarim Basin .
Bluebox Films is a production company banner founded by Iowa filmmakers Scott Beck & Bryan Woods .
Valley Metal Container , a joint venture between the Coors Brewing Company and American National Can Company, operates the world's largest single-site facility for aluminum can production .
Pipavav Shipyard Limited now Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering company Limited is the India's largest shipbuilding and Heavy industry company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharastra .
Suez , near the southern terminus of the Suez Canal, having the same boundaries as Suez governorate .
Duffy & Partners is a branding and design firm that was founded in 1984 by Creative Director, Joe Duffy .
John Mattes is an investigative journalist who has won seven Emmys, one Golden Mike award, one Edward R Murrow award and 10 press club awards for exposing fraud and corruption in government .
Siegel Suites is a no-lease required, weekly/monthly residential apartment chain founded in 2006 by Steve Siegel and managed by The Siegel Group .
Savanur is a town and taluk headquarters of Savanur Taluk in Haveri District of Karnataka state, India .
Harvest House Publishers is a Christian publishing company founded in 1974 in Irvine, California, United States, and is now located in Eugene, Oregon .
Lin and Larry Pardey are a married couple famous internationally for their expertise in small boat sailing .
Suriname Suriname has a population of approximately 566,000, most of whom live on the country's north coast, where the capital Paramaribo is located .
Xalapa , is the capital city of the Mexican state of Veracruz and the name of the surrounding municipality .
Rob Shehadie is an Australian actor, writer and stand up comedian, who has featured prominently in popular television series such as ""Pizza"", ""Swift and Shift Couriers"" and ""Housos"" .
The Hoosier Salon is a non-profit arts organization that was founded in 1925 by a group called the Daughters of Indiana .
NetWitness Corporation was a Reston, Virginia-based network security company that provides real-time network forensics and automated threat analysis solutions .
Indradyumna Swami is an ISKCON Guru and a sannyasi for the International Society for Krishna Consciousness .
The ECGC Limited in 1964 and to Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India in 1983 .
Etelesolv is a Technology Expense Management , a non-profit organization consisting of more than 34 Telecom Expense Management service providers who agree to abide by the organization's Code of Ethics .
Western States Envelope & Label is a wholesale envelope and label manufacturer for the printing, distributing, mailing, and office supply trades .
Eesti Gaas AS is the Estonian natural gas company, which imports and sells natural gas and owns and operates Estonian natural gas transmission system .
Corimon is a Venezuelan chemical company founded in 1949 and engaged in the manufacture, distribution and sale of paints, resins, packaging materials and ink .
Ken Noguchi to scale the Seven Summits, the highest mountains on each of the seven continents .
The Tarascan state was a state in pre-Columbian Mexico, roughly covering the geographic area of the present-day Mexican state of Michoacán, parts of Jalisco, and Guanajuato .
Probar - Indústria Alimentar, SA is a Portuguese company headquartered in Coimbra, which produces cold meat products .
Jasrota is the capital city of the Jasrotia rajputs, founded by Jasdev, a descendant of The Royal House of Jammu and Kashmir .
AQR Capital Management is an investment management firm founded in 1998 by former Goldman Sachs portfolio manager Clifford S .
Atomium Culture AISBL is an international non-profit organisation of European universities, newspapers and businesses for the dissemination and knowledge transfer of European research, .
Caruso Affiliated Holdings LLC is one of the largest, privately held real estate companies in the United States, with a portfolio of retail and mixed-use properties that draw tens of millions of guests each year .
The Treaty of Brownstown was between the United States and the Council of Three Fires , Wyandott, and Shawanoese Indian Nations .
Gardner Rich & Co LLC is an FINRA-registered, private stock brokerage firm founded by Chris Gardner in 1987 .
Air Naval Gunfire Liaison Companies Commanders a liaison capability, with foreign area expertise, to plan, coordinate, and conduct terminal control of fires in support of joint, allied, and coalition forces .
Jamie Paul McCombe is an English football defender who currently plays for Doncaster Rovers .
Robert Andrew ""Rob"" Hyman is an American singer, songwriter, keyboard player, accordion player, producer, arranger and recording studio owner, best known for being a founding member of the rock band The Hooters .
Katsuhiro Honda , better known as DJ Honda, is a Japanese hip hop DJ, turntablist, music producer, CEO, clothing line designer, and entrepreneur .
Telus TV is a product of Telus that provides IPTV and Satellite TV service in the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Quebec .
Casas GEO is a leading housing developer in Mexico and one of the largest in Latin America .
Ivan Gerald Mauger, OBE, , a feat equalled only with the inclusion of the Speedway GP Championships by Tony Rickardsson of Sweden who won one World Final and five GP Championships .
Ragtag Productions is an American award-winning independent film and video production company based in Astoria, Queens .
Avvy is a songwriter and performer contributing to the art of Bahamian folk music, Junkanoo and Rake-and-scrape .
ClassWish is a nonprofit organization that addresses the shortage of funding for supplies and equipment in K-12 schools .
Zaid Shakir is a Muslim American scholar, public speaker, and author who is a co-founder with Hamza Yusuf and Hatem Bazian, chairman of the board, and a senior faculty member of Zaytuna College in Berkeley, California .
Keith Buckley is an American singer and musician, best known as the lyricist and vocalist for the metalcore band Every Time I Die and the heavy metal supergroup The Damned Things .
Nuno Frederico Correia da Silva Lobato Markl , known as Nuno Markl, is a Portuguese comedian, writer, radio host, television host, voice actor and screenwriter .
Parragon Books Ltd, a United Kingdom publishing company, was formed in 1988 by friends Guy Parr and Paul Anderson .
Andrew Goldberg is a producer and director and is the founder and owner of Two Cats Productions in New York City .
Crown Central Petroleum, commonly known as Crown, is an American Oil Company that has flourished in Baltimore since the early 20th century until its recent decline due to rebranding .
The Datasheet Archive is a large free resource specifically for electronic component datasheets and scanned data books .
Quora is a question-and-answer website where questions are created, answered, edited and organized by its community of users .
Andrew Goodman was one of three American civil rights activists murdered near Philadelphia, Mississippi, during Freedom Summer in 1964 by members of the Ku Klux Klan .
FutureMedia is a collaborative initiative at Georgia Tech and the Georgia Tech Research Institute to analyze the state and future of digital, social, and mobile media .
Oberheim Electronics is an American company, founded in 1969 by Tom Oberheim , which manufactures audio synthesizers and a variety of other electronic musical instruments .
Brandon Rogers is an American singer who has worked as a professional backup vocalist, and who was the 12th place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
Alworths was a chain of 18 high-street retail stores created in 2009 out of some of the former stores of Woolworths plc in the United Kingdom .
Peter Brandvold is an American western fiction author, who has written more than thirty published novels .
The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation founded in 1969 has 57 members, 56 of which are also member states of the United Nations .
Grand Sport is a Thai sports equipment company established in 1961 as a retailer in sportswear and sporting goods, is one of the leading brand name in Thailand .
Kelly Jefferson is a Canadian jazz saxophonist , he has recorded and performed with numerous jazz musicians and bands .
The Commune of the Working People of Estonia was an unrecognised government claiming the Bolshevik-occupied parts of Republic of Estonia as its territories during the Estonian War of Independence and the Russian Civil War .
The Theme of Koloneia of the Byzantine Empire located in northern Cappadocia and the southern Pontus, in modern Turkey .
Response-Ability is a non-profit volunteer service program that places college graduates in inner-city Catholic schools in the US and in other international sites across the United States .
The United Fruit Company was an American corporation that traded in tropical fruit for dominance in the international banana trade, it maintained a virtual monopoly in certain regions, some of which came to be called banana republics, such as Costa Rica, Honduras, and Guatemala .
Special Agent Samantha ""Sam"" Spade is a fictional character portrayed by actress Poppy Montgomery on the CBS television drama Without a Trace .
Yesmail Interactive, an infogroup company, is an email marketing solutions provider headquartered in Portland, Oregon and has offices in San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Boston, Atlanta, Omaha, Toronto, London and Singapore .
Dumnonia is the Latinised name for the Brythonic kingdom in Sub-Roman Britain between the late 4th and late 8th centuries, in what is now the more westerly parts of South West England .
PearC is the name given to the line of personal computers produced by German manufacturer HyperMegaNet UG, that sells PCs with Mac OS X, similar to Psystar .
Wessagusset Colony there between Plymouth troops led by Miles Standish and an Indian force led by Pecksuot .
Radiant Systems was a provider of technology to the hospitality and retail industries that was acquired by NCR Corporation in 2011 .
Graphite Capital Management is a private equity firm focused on middle market leveraged buyout investments, primarily in the UK .
Azawad in 2012 after a Tuareg rebellion drove the Malian Army from the territory .
Exillon Energy plc is a Russian oil exploration and production company with assets in two oil-rich regions of Northern Russia: Exillon TP in Timan-Pechora and Exillon WS in Western Siberia .
The Areopagus of Eastern Continental Greece was a provisional regime that existed in eastern Central Greece during the Greek War of Independence .
Sparx Animation Studios is a visual effects/animation company that creates feature films, TV shows and game cinematics .
Gabriel Gonzaga-Nogueira , is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Alagoas , for being the birthplace of Deodoro da Fonseca and Floriano Peixoto, Alagoas gave the country numerous illustrious Brazilians among whom are the anthropologist Arthur Ramos, the maestro Hekel Tavares, the philologist Aurélio Buarque de Holanda, the musician Djavan the poet Jorge de Lima, the jurists Pontes de Miranda and Marcos Bernardes de Mello, besides the writers Lêdo Ivo and Graciliano Ramos .
Evan Mandery is an American author and criminal justice academic at John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
Wawatay Native Communications Society was formed in 1974 by the people of Northern Ontario, Canada's Nishnawbe Aski Nation, as a source of communications technology, namely radio, television, and print media services for the Oji-Cree communities .
Fiberhome Networks is a major networking and telecommunication equipment provider in the People's Republic of China .
This article details the locations featured in Robin Hobb's fictional world, The Realm of the Elderlings, featured in her books The Farseer Trilogy, The Liveship Traders Trilogy, The Tawny Man Trilogy and The Rain Wild Chronicles .
Xella International GmbH is a corporate group with headquarters in Duisburg, Germany, manufactures and markets building materials, gypsum fibreboard and cement-bonded dry lining panels together with lime and limestone .
♦HobbyTown USA or HobbyTown is a franchised retail hobby and toy store, most stores offer a full line of radio control hobbies, models, games, toys, educational items, paints, tools and model railroad items .
Joell Ortiz is an American rapper from Brooklyn, New York, and a member of the group Slaughterhouse .
The Duchy of Drutsk was a state with the centre in Drutsk on the lands of modern Belarus in the Early Middle Ages .
Principal Hayley Group is a hotel and conference venue operator whose headquarters are in Harrogate in North Yorkshire .
Loulan, also called Krorän or Kroraina , and known to Russian archaeologists as Krorayina, was an ancient kingdom based around an important oasis city along the Silk Road already known in the 2nd century BCE on the north-eastern edge of the Lop Desert .
Marianne Curley, is an Australian author best known for her Guardians of Time Trilogy and Old Magic books .
Andrews Space is a small aerospace company based in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1999 to develop space systems .
Headfirst Productions was a British video game studio established by father and son Mike and Simon Woodroffe in 1998 .
The Kasanje Kingdom, also known as the Jaga Kingdom, was a pre-colonial Central West African state .
Abank was founded in 1991 by the Doğan Grubu and was enlisted in 1995 with 20% of its shares at the Istanbul Stock Exchange .
SBI Life Insurance is a joint venture life insurance company between State Bank of India .
Larox, founded in 1977 and headquartered at Lappeenranta, Finland, is a Finnish engineering company that develops, designs and manufactures industrial filters for use in mining and metallurgy, chemical processing and related industries .
Albany Software is a software developer, and Bacs approved software supplier, offering payment and document delivery services for businesses .
Jonesky Limited is a Hong Kong publisher of domestic Chinese manhua and translated, imported comics from Japan .
SanCor is one of the leading dairy producers in Argentina was opened in 1940 in Sunchales, Santa Fe, where SanCor's administrative headquarters are located today .
Bobby Broom idioms, Broom, like many current artists, draws from a variety of American music forms such as funk, soul, R&B and the blues to create his style .
Eckart Preu , and in Germany with the Jenaer Philharmonie, the Hallesche Philharmonie, the Thüringer Kammerorchester, and the Landessinfonieorchester Gotha .
Kenny Coolbeth is a flat track motorcycle racer from New Milford, Connecticut, United States .
Vilen Nikolaevich Ivanov At present time he is Deputy Head of the Sociology Department for National Security and Federalism under the ISPR RAS .
Sam Prekop is a rock/pop musician in the band The Sea and Cake .
China Life Insurance Company Limited is a life insurance company in Taiwan, Republic of China, controlled by Koo Chen-fu family .
Santo Prosciutto is a fictional island in the Italian West Indies, acquired by Italy in exchange for part of its colonial possessions in Ethiopia .
Bannack is a ghost town in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States, located on Grasshopper Creek, approximately 11 miles upstream from where Grasshopper Creek joins with the Beaverhead River south of Dillon .
Below is a list of the 18 states of Sudan, organized by their original provinces during the period of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan .
The Roomplace is a chain of furniture stores headquartered in Lombard, Illinois operating 22 stores in Illinois and Indiana .
Ebillz is a billing platform software suite used by the telecommunications industry Resellers and Carriers for rating CDR based Call detail record traffic as well as bringing together the billing of recurring charge such as WLR Wholesale line rental, ADSL MPLS, Phone System Maintenance Contracts as well as new emerging technologies such as SIP, WIMAX and VO-IP Shaftesbury have 280 active clients using their billing platform ebillz, and a team of 22 developers and support staff .
The Greene Shoots Theatre is an amateur theatre company formed in 2002 from past and final year students from Berkhamsted School in Hertfordshire .
Internet Evolution was a website which hosted discussion of news, analysis and opinion related to the future of the Internet .
EURIWARE is a French company that provides advanced Consultancy and IT services in the spheres of energy, industry and defense .
VNG – Verbundnetz Gas AG is a natural gas company headquartered in Leipzig, Germany .
Viedma , and is located on the southern margin of the Negro River, about 30 kilometres off the Atlantic Coast, and 960 km from the city of Buenos Aires on the National Route 3 .
Naoki Takada , which despite peaking at number fourteen on the singles chart has spent thirty four weeks on the chart and sold more than 160,000 copies so far .
The Braas Monier Building Group is a manufacturer and supplier of building materials for pitched roofs, as well as roof, chimney and ventilationsystems .
The Confederate Memorial Fountain in Hopkinsville, Kentucky is a monument placed on the National Register of Historic Places .
David Edward ""Dave"" Heaton is the Iowa State Representative from the 91st District, representing all of Henry County and the northern portion of Lee County .
The Hausa Kingdoms were a collection of states started by the Hausa people, situated between the Niger River and Lake Chad .
Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Birkenfeld in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The Banu Ilyas or Ilyasids was an Iranian dynasty of Sogdian origin which ruled Kerman from 932 until 968 .
In the Vodou religion, Agassou is a loa, or deity, who guards the old traditions of Dahomey .
Marcel Francois Chagnon , known professionally as Marcel, is an American country music singer, songwriter, and music video director .
Larry Frisoli was the Republican Party candidate for Attorney General in Massachusetts in 2006 .
QINIQ is a Canadian company, which uses satellite and wireless communications technology to provide broadband Internet service to remote communities in the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
Fernando Damián Tissone Rodrigues is an Argentine footballer who plays for Spanish club Málaga CF as a central midfielder .
Bosideng International Holdings Limited , in terms of sales in 2010, ""Bosideng"", ""Snow Flying"", ""Kangbo"" and ""Bengen"" down clothing products achieved a combined market share of 36 .
Linsalata Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies across a broad range of industries .
FotoInsight is a digital photo processing service for Windows, Mac OS and Linux users that was founded in 2003 in Cambridge, England, and is Europe's largest independent photo printer .
Harvey Skinner, PhD, Cpsych, FCAS is the Founding Dean of the Faculty of Health at York University, beginning July 1, 2006 .
Heiko Westermann is a German footballer who plays as centre back for Bundesliga club Hamburger SV and the German national team .
Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains is a British Formula One engine manufacturer, owned by Mercedes-Benz .
Salma de Nora is a Spanish pornographic actress who began her career in December 2003 .
Albert Frederick Nussbaum was a notorious 1960s-era bank robber and FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitive .
The Halesowen Railway, also known as the Halesowen and Northfield Railway and the Halesowen Joint Railway, was a standard gauge railway in what is now the West Midlands of England .
Marin Morgan Poole is a beauty queen from Logan, Utah who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants .
BookSwim is a private American online book rental service, offering rental-by-mail of both hardcover and paperback books .
Express News is an Urdu language Pakistani television news channel Based in Lahore, launched on January 1, 2008 .
Shana Morrison, born Shana Caledonia Morrison, on April 7, 1970, in Kingston, New York, is an American singer-songwriter and the daughter of Northern Irish singer-songwriter, Van Morrison, and his ex-wife, Janet Rigsbee Minto .
The Taifa of Lisbon was a medieval Islamic taifa kingdom of Al-Garb Al-Andalus, the western section of the Moorish Al-Andalus empire .
Grey Goose Bus Lines is a subsidiary of Greyhound Canada operating in the Canadian province of Manitoba .
Shooting Stars Productions is a youth sports and school portraiture company located in the historic Mission District neighborhood of San Francisco, California .
Wes Shoemyer is a former Senator for the eighteenth district of the Missouri Senate .
Uptown Studios Austin is a local production facility for Time Warner Cable Media Sales in Austin, Texas .
Personal Software Finance is a Mexico City, Mexico-based software company specialised in accounting software for privates and businesses .
Auzentech was a Korean computer hardware manufacturer that specializes in high-definition audio equipment and in particular PC sound cards .
The Cosmetic Ingredient Review , with support of the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Federation of America .
The Gay & Lesbian Review Worldwide is a bimonthly, nationally distributed magazine of history, culture, and politics for LGBT people and their allies who are interested in the gamut of social, scientific, and cultural issues raised by same-sex sexuality .
Switzerland has taken part only once in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, taking part in 2004 .
Kennametal is an American supplier of tooling and industrial materials founded in 1938 in the Latrobe, Pennsylvania and still headquartered there .
Çukurova is an international construction company based in Istanbul, Turkey, and active in Afghanistan, Libya, Bahrain and other countries .
The Harvard Institute for International Development was a think-tank dedicated to helping nations join the global economy, operating between 1974 and 2000 .
Techlogix is a software house whose main office is located in Lahore, Pakistan; and has branches in Karachi, Islamabad, Boston, Houston, Dubai, Beijing and Malaysia .
GM Holden Ltd, commonly designated Holden, is an Australian automaker that operates in Australasia and is headquartered in Port Melbourne, Victoria .
Portuguese Ceylon was a Portuguese territory in present-day Sri Lanka, representing a period in Sri Lankan history from 1505–1658 .
Kandangan is the name of the capital of Hulu Sungai Selatan Regency in South Kalimantan Province of Indonesia .
The Norsk Eiendomsinformasjon AS is a Norwegian limited company, wholly owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry .
High West Distillery is a manufacturer of distilled spirits located in Park City, Utah, United States .
Ferranti or Ferranti International plc was a UK electrical engineering and equipment firm that operated for over a century from 1885 until it went bankrupt in 1993 .
Zodiac Zoos is a Dutch corporation that owns and operates Aqua Zoo Friesland, Zoo Wissel, Zoo Labyrinth Boekelo, Zoo Park Overloon, and Castle Arcen .
Klua's World was established in India in 1983 to manufacture Murata Airjet spun yarns and building products .
Paramaribo is the capital and largest city of Suriname, located on banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District .
Guangqi Honda Automobile Co Ltd is a Chinese automobile manufacturing joint venture company based in Guangzhou, Guangdong province .
Taipei lost its control of whole mainland China and relocated the ROC government to Taiwan, proclaimed Taipei as the provisional capital of the Republic of China in December 1949 .
Dongbuyeo was an ancient Korean kingdom that developed from Bukbuyeo, until conquered by the early Goguryeo, which then grew into one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Oddbins is a United Kingdom-based wine and alcohol retail chain, established in 1963 by Ahmed Pochee .
HLB International is an international network of independent professional accounting firms and business advisors, comprising member firms in 130 countries .
City Utilities of Springfield , which includes all of the city of Springfield, portions of Greene County, and a part of northern Christian County .
Glubbdubdrib was an island of sorcerers and magicians, one of the imaginary countries visited by Lemuel Gulliver in the satire Gulliver's Travels by Anglo-Irish author Jonathan Swift .
Carl Coulter is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who is close friends with Luke Penfold .
Kraig Paulsen is the Speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives, and State Representative from the 67th District .
}} Daewoo Pakistan Express Bus Service or Daewoo Express is an inter-city common carrier of passengers by bus serving over 30 destinations in Pakistan and is headquartered in Lahore .
Telvent was an information technology and industrial automation company specializing in SCADA, GIS and related IT systems for pipeline, energy utility, traffic, agriculture and environmental monitoring industries .
The South Russian Government was a Russian White movement government established by Armed Forces of South Russia commander Anton Denikin in Novorossiysk, Kuban, in March 1920 during the Russian Civil War .
Saru Bhakta Few verses of Sarubhakta from one of his poems, Trasadi Gatha [Story Of Fear], is given below:ठिंगुराभित्रवालुवाका मान्छेहरुअल्झिरहेछन् जिन्दगीका प्रायोरीहरुअकालमुखे बच्चाहरुप्लाष्टिकका दूधेमुन्टा चुस्दैछन् .
Patricia Olson is an American graphic designer, painter and feminist artist whose works are categorized as figurative art .
Blippy was a social media sharing site operated from Palo Alto, California by a company of the same name, for users to post and follow each other's updates about their purchases of goods and services .
Founded 2003 in Sweden, Mythicscape Online Entertainment was a small company focused on developing online games and Java based user interfaces .
Tobi Island, or Hatohobei , is the southernmost of Palau's sixteen states, consisting of Tobi Island and uninhabited Helen Reef .
Higgidy is a UK-based company established in 2003 making handmade pies and quiches in West Sussex .
Ebara Corporation is a publicly traded company based in Tokyo, Japan which makes environmental and industrial machinery such as pumps and turbines .
Plastic Logic is a spin-off company from the Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge and specialises in polymer transistors and plastic electronics .
Mary Ann Corinna Howard Sieghart is an English journalist, radio presenter and former assistant editor of The Times, where she wrote columns about politics, social affairs and life in general .
Hannah Fury is an American singer-songwriter with a following based on her independently produced melancholic recordings inspired by Gregory Maguire's revisionist Oz novel Wicked .
Mark Geary is an Irish singer-songwriter and musician born in Dublin, Ireland into a large family with ten siblings, one of whom is actor Karl Geary .
Isenburg-Covern was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Kobern-Gondorf in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Victor Bernard Green is a former American football safety in the National Football League .
The universe depicted in The Legend of Zelda series of video games consists of a variety of lands, the most commonly appearing of these being Hyrule , and was created by Japanese video game developer Shigeru Miyamoto .
InPhonex is a global telecommunications firm offering telephony services in more than 150 countries .
Washington is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States located north of Oregon, west of Idaho, and south of the Canadian province of British Columbia on the coast of the Pacific Ocean .
Jalisco , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Daniel Rubén Biloš is an Argentine footballer, who has played professional football in Argentina, France and Mexico and has made 3 appearances for the Argentina national team .
Anastasios Katsabis is a former Greek football player, who lastly played for Iraklis Thessaloniki F .
Rheda is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, a part of the municipality of Rheda-Wiedenbrück in the Kreis of Gütersloh .
Marlin & Associates is a New York City based boutique investment banking and strategic advisory firm, advising owners and managers of U .
The Blackfeet Indian Writing Company was a pen and pencil manufacturer on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation in Browning, Montana, USA founded in 1972 .
Saraswat BankAbout this sound pronunciation is an urban co-operative banking institution based in Maharashtra, India and operating as a co-operative bank since 1918 .
Not to be confused with the Royal Society of New Zealand, known as the New Zealand Institute until 1933 .
Parts Center is a supplier of spare parts for boilers and other heating products and is a subsidiary of Wolseley Plc, the global building materials company that owns brands such as Plumb Center and Build Center in the UK .
Gungnae Fortress, also known as Guonei City, was the second capital city of the ancient Korean Kingdom of Goguryeo .
The Library Corporation creates and distributes automation and cataloging software to public, school, academic, and special library systems worldwide .
Nitish Bharadwaj is an Indian film actor, director, screenwriter and former member of the Indian Parliament Lok Sabha .
Erin O'Kelley is a beauty queen from Asheville, North Carolina, United States who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
Galveston is a coastal city located on Galveston Island and Pelican Island in the U .
The Western Wei followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei, and ruled northern China from 535 to 556 .
The Kingdom of Romania , and Bukovina were united with the Kingdom of Romania, resulting in a ""Greater Romania"" .
Bell & Ross is a luxury French watch company headed by the French and Swiss designer Bruno Belamich and businessman Carlos A .
Funafuti is an atoll on which the capital of the island nation of Tuvalu is located .
Sarah Anne Louise Montague is a British journalist, best known for her work on BBC Radio 4 as one of the regular presenters of the Today programme .
The Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam , as well as several smaller groups, participated in its creation .
The Electorate of Württemberg was a State of the Holy Roman Empire on the right bank of the Rhine .
Robert ""Rob"" Hawthorne is a fictional character from the British soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Warren Derosa .
Ilam is a city in and the capital of Ilam Province, Iran and the third biggest kurdish city in Iran .
The Confederate Monument in Danville, located between Centre College and the First Presbyterian Church at the corner of Main and College Streets in Danville, Kentucky's McDowell Park, is a monument dedicated to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places .
Peter Gric or Petr Gric is Austrian painter, drawer and illustrator originally from Czech Republic .
Fine Tubes is a UK-based manufacturer of metal tubes, based in Estover, Plymouth, Devon and currently employing 390 staff .
Scott Alan Stenzel is an American stock car race driver from Minnesota who raced in the FASCAR league as a teenager and later raced in the ARCA RE/MAX Series, before making his NASCAR debut in 2010 .
Synterra Media is the national communication carrier of Russia, which provides a comprehensive range of telecommunication services to national corporations, public structures, corporate customers, communication operators, content providers and private users in the territory of Russia and the CIS countries, Baltic States, Europe and Asia .
Eric Michael O'Neill and played a major role in the arrest, conviction, and life imprisonment of FBI agent Robert Hanssen for spying on behalf of the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation .
K-Swing, real name Katie Kabel, is an American DJ/Producer specializing in electronic dance music, specifically Rockbeat and electro house .
Malibu Comics was an American comic book publisher active in the late 1980s and early 1990s, best known for its Ultraverse line of superhero titles .
Mauritsstad was the capital of Dutch Brazil, and is now a part of the Brazilian city of Recife .
Seaport Capital is a New York City-based private equity firm that invests in recurring revenue companies operating in the communications, information and business services sectors .
Volgotanker was a Russian company engaged in the business of transporting oil and oil products by tanker ship along the inland waterways and coastal seas of European Russia .
Paulo André Cren Benini is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cruzeiro as a defender .
Southwestern Krai and, unlike the gubernia's whose senior position was held by a civilian person, the Governor General on top the General Governorate held was a high-ranking military officer .
Gdańskie Wydawnictwo Oświatowe Publishing House - one of the first privately owned educational publishing houses in Poland prints textbooks for mathematics, Polish language, history, physics, biology and art .
Andy Scott is a Scottish figurative sculptor, working in galvanised steel, fibreglass and cast bronze .
The kingdom of Tamna or Tamna guk ruled Jeju Island from ancient times until it was absorbed by the Korean Joseon Dynasty in 1404 .
Dori Media Group is a production company founded by the Argentine–Israeli businessman Yair Dori .
Coster Diamonds is one of the oldest still operating diamond polishing factories in Amsterdam, The Netherlands .
The Remnant Trust is an educational foundation that shares an actively growing collection of original and first edition works dealing with the topics of liberty and dignity with some pieces dating as early as 1250 .
New Zealand ; and the Ross Dependency, which is New Zealand's territorial claim in Antarctica .
The Iconfactory is a small software and graphic design company that specializes in creating icons and software for creating and using icons .
The Société Automobiles Ménara is a Moroccan automobile manufacturer and was founded in 1972 under the brand name CANAM .
Tara Gray is a TV host, writer and producer, as well as a former beauty queen who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants .
Caitriona Reed is a trans woman sensei of Thiền Zen Buddhism who also has a background in Vipassanā meditation .
Oberto Brands is a family-owned business that makes All Natural Jerky,beef jerky, pepperoni and other snack sausages .
Co-ordination Group Publications is a textbook publishing company, and is a UK educational publisher, and has published over 600 books .
Heather Gladney is an American author whose fantasy novels include Teot's War and its sequel Bloodstorm .
Joe Public Films is an independent video and filmmaking distributor which promotes human rights-related documentary films .
Kelie McIver is a Kansas-born actress and singer who has played such classical stage roles as Lady Macbeth and Nurse in Romeo & Juliet for Kingsmen Shakespeare Festival, Viola in Twelfth Night for both Nevada Shakespeare in the Park and Shakespeare at Play, Hecuba in The Trojan Women, Kate in Taming of the Shrew, Rosalind in As You Like It, Doll Common in Mark Ringer's production of The Alchemist and as both Puck and Titania in separate productions of A Midsummer Night's Dream .
Gizoo is an online gadget company based in Nottingham, England, selling toys and games, PC hardware and home gadgets .
Bryan Webb , sometimes credited as Bry Webb, is a Canadian singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist for the indie rock band Constantines .
Kenneth Alexander ""Kenny"" Satterfield , which he left in early 2006 without notice, and Riyadi Beirut .
Arisa Cox is a Canadian television and radio personality, best known as the host of Big Brother Canada .
Little Creatures is an Australian brewing company based in Fremantle, Western Australia, originally established in 2000 by the original brewers of the Matilda Bay Brewing Company .
Minera IRL is a Peruvian mining company founded in 2000 by Investor Resources Ltd, an Australian technical and financial consultancy based in Melbourne .
Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of the Imperial Russia before the October Revolution of 1917 .
The Idoani Confederacy is a traditional state based in the town of Idoani in the Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State, Nigeria .
The Kazan Governorate of the Tsardom of Russia, the Russian Empire, and the Russian SFSR from 1708–1920, with its seat in the city of Kazan .
Saluzzo is a town and former principality in the province of Cuneo, Piedmont region, Italy .
Domino's Pizza Enterprises is an Australian public company that holds the master franchise for Domino's Pizza in Australia, New Zealand, France, Belgium, the Netherlands and Monaco .
Nikita Borisov is a cryptographer and computer security researcher, currently an associate professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
FSpace Publications is a role-playing game publisher founded in 1991 under a different trading name until it rebranded in 1994 .
Trepak International AB, based in Malmö, Sweden, develops, builds, instals and supplies capping and filling machines for liquid products and labelling machines for all types of packages .
The following is a list of the MTV Europe Music Award winners and nominees for Best Baltic Act .
In the medieval history of Europe, Bulgaria's status as the Bulgarian Empire occurred in two distinct periods: between the seventh and eleventh centuries, and again between the twelfth and fourteenth centuries .
Ty Scott Page is a professional skateboarder who was known as one of the most innovative skateboarders in the world .
Elizabeth Spencer was adapted for the screen in 1962 and transformed into a Broadway musical of the same name in 2005 .
Christopher John ""Chris"" Wilder is an English former footballer, and current manager of Northampton Town .
Lastrego & Testa Multimedia is an independent animation studio based in Turin, Italy, providing educational and entertaining material for children, families and teachers, as animated series, books and activity labs to stimulate creativity and underline strong values such as friendship, family and teamwork .
bulthaup is a German kitchen manufacturer headquartered in Aich, Bodenkirchen, close to Landshut in Lower Bavaria .
Phalanx Biotech Group was founded in 2003 as a result of collaboration between Taiwan's Industrial Technology Research Institute and several private companies and research institutes .
Annuaires Afrique 23x15pxCôte d'Ivoire 23x15pxDjibouti 23x15pxEquatorial Guinea 23x15pxGabon 23x15pxGuinea 23x15pxMali 23x15pxMauritania 23x15pxNiger 23x15pxRwanda 23x15pxSenegal 23x15pxTogo Service is planned for the following countries .
Teton Gravity Research is an action sports media company based in Jackson Hole, Wyoming .
Stoewer was a German automobile manufacturer before World War II whose headquarters were in Stettin with four-wheel steering .
The Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic , often abbreviated as Estonian SSR or ESSR, was a republic of the Soviet Union, administered by and a subordinate of the Government of the Soviet Union .
Ruth Moody is an Australian-born soprano singer-songwriter and member of the Canadian folk trio The Wailin' Jennys .
The Otago Province was a province of New Zealand until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Christie Michelle Cole , and airing the pageant on a tape-delay from Shreveport, Louisiana in August 1998 .
Cintel International Ltd is a British company, based in Ware, Hertfordshire, which specialises in the design and manufacture of professional post-production equipment, for transcribing film into video or data formats .
Andriy Tovt is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for MFC Mykolaiv in the Ukrainian First League .
Latvia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 15 times since making its debut at the contest in 2000,Latvia's debut at the contest in 2000 was a successful one, when Brainstorm finished third with the song ""My Star"" .
John Beal is an award-winning American film composer and conductor working in Hollywood, California, and is notable for composing the music for numerous hit television series, such as Vega$ and Eight Is Enough, as an orchestral conductor, composer of film trailer music, and for his work with the Hollywood Symphony Orchestra .
Tbilisi , formerly known as Tiflis, is the capital and the largest city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Mtkvari River with a population of roughly 1 .
Riobamba south of Ecuador's capital Quito and located at 2754 m on the Avenue of the Volcanoes .
Hamchoon Women's Clinic is a specialized clinic for infertility, genetic testing, and general OB GYN childbirth service in 2008 by opening a branch in Apgujeong-dong .
Phan Thu Ngân was crowned the 7th Miss Vietnam in 2000 when she was a second year student at Văn Lang University, Ho Chi Minh City .
Operation Orient Express was, according to National Security Adviser Richard Clarke's book Against All Enemies, the unofficial title given to a successful pact in 1996 from within the Clinton administration to oust Boutros Boutros-Ghali from his position as United Nations Secretary-General .
The Whyalla Steelworks is a fully integrated steelworks and the only manufacturer of rail in Australia .
CatalunyaCaixa is the trading name of Caixa d'Estalvis de Catalunya, Tarragona i Manresa, a Catalan savings bank with headquarters in Barcelona .
Miles Electric Vehicles was a manufacturer and distributor of all-electric vehicles manufactured by FAW Tianjin in China that met international car safety standards .
Steel & Glass Films Ltd was a film production company set up in 2004 by screenwriter/director Andrew Jones and actor Gavin Dando and was jointly based in Swansea and Newport in South Wales .
Aaron Mader, better known by his stage name Lazerbeak, is an underground hip hop producer from Minneapolis, Minnesota .
Lycoris, , was started in the year 2000 with the intent to make free software easy enough for anyone to use .
Adèle Anderson is an English Olivier Award-nominated singer and actress, best known as one third of the cabaret group Fascinating Aïda .
Peter Missing is a New York City artist, poet, musician, and activist who relocated to Berlin in 1993 .
JetForm was the name of a Canadian software manufacturer created by four consultants that was based out of Ottawa, Ontario, and an electronic form software product of the same name .
Nuevo Cartago y Costa Rica was a province of the Kingdom of Guatemala, created in 1540 during the reign of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor .
The Western Sahara has been controlled by Morocco and the remainder by the SADR, strongly backed by Algeria .
Rolf de Maré , sometimes called Rolf de Mare, was a Swedish art collector and leader of the Ballets Suédois in Paris in 1920–1925 .
Mauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company focused on leading innovation in endomicroscopy, the field of microscopic imaging during endoscopy procedures .
IYOUIT is a mobile alpha service to share personal experiences with others while on the go .
The French Congo was a French colony which at one time comprised the present-day area of the Republic of the Congo, Gabon, and the Central African Republic .
Florian Schulz is a professional nature and wildlife photographer based in southern Germany whose striking images have garnered international recognition .
The County of Modica was a semi-independent feudal territory within the Kingdom of Sicily from 1296 to 1812 .
Viad Corp is an S&P SmallCap 600 company that operates businesses that provide place-based marketing services in North America, the United Kingdom, Europe and the United Arab Emirates, as well as travel and recreation services in the United States and Canada .
Atomistix Virtual NanoLab is a commercial point-and-click software for simulation and analysis of physical and chemical properties of nanoscale devices .
George William Dunham Dunham , Dunham was replaced by local DFW DJ Jody Dean .
Anastasia Baranova is a Russian-American actress, best known for her starring role as Jennifer ""Scout"" Lauer on the television series Scout's Safari .
Julian Emil-Jamaal Wright is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Bnei Herzliya of the Israeli Premier League .
Nzari was a small kingdom located on the north bank of the Congo River .
California Tortilla is a chain of franchised fast casual Mexican restaurants, the first of which was opened in 1995 in Bethesda, Maryland by business partners Pam Felix and Alan Cohen .
Isenburg-Isenburg was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Isenburg in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Wienerwald Franchise GmbH is a franchise chain of fast-food restaurants with stores in Germany, Austria, Turkey, Egypt, and Romania specialised in Hendl, Schnitzel, and also other chicken products .
Madras Cements Ltd is the main company of the Ramco Group, a business group of South India .
Resist Records is an independent record label and retail store based in Newtown, New South Wales, Australia .
StreetPrices was founded in October 1997, making it the third price comparison service website, behind PriceWatch , and price comparison widgets that publishers could put on their web pages .
Frank Woodruff Buckles was a United States Army soldier and the last surviving American veteran of World War I .
Chop Shop Records is a record label under partnership with Republic Records, headquartered in South Pasadena, California .
Hugo Ferreira is a Portuguese-American African-born rock musician and singer-songwriter for the band Tantric .
IP Fabrics is a privately owned, US company that designs and manufactures network surveillance products for national security, lawful interception, data retention, and cyber crime applications .
TŽV Gredelj is a state-owned Croatian rolling stock company founded in 1894 as the railway workshops of the Hungarian State Railways .
BBC English Regions is the division of the BBC responsible for local television, radio, web and teletext services in England, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands .
i-wireless is an United States mobile virtual network operator that uses the Sprint CDMA, EVDO, WiMAX and LTE networks to provide nationwide wireless coverage .
Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA under the name EADS CASA and in 2009 was absorbed into Airbus Military .
The Confederate Memorial includes a 6-foot-tall Confederate soldier statue atop an arch anchored in the Fulton, Kentucky Fairview Cemetery .
Lisa Gayle Tollett Milligan , leaving her one spot shy of the top five, with an average combine score of 9 .
Castell-Rüdenhausen was a County in the region of Franconia in northern Bavaria of the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by a branch of the Counts of Castell .
Cam Ranh is a city in southern Khánh Hòa Province, in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam .
KwaZulu was a bantustan in South Africa, intended by the apartheid government as a semi-independent homeland for the Zulu people .
Mohamud Siad Togane , born July 1, 1947, is a Somali-Canadian poet and peace activist .
In Greek mythology, Halithersês , son of Mastor, was an Ithacan prophet who warned the suitors of Odysseus's wife Penelope after interpreting the symbols that Zeus sent to ""be wise in time, and put a stop to this wickedness before he comes .
Galy Records is a Canadian independent record label based in Verdun, Quebec, founded by Eric Galy in 2002 .
The Kasanze Kingdom, also known as Kasanye, was a pre-colonial Central West African state in what is today Angola .
An atomic orbital is a mathematical function that describes the wave-like behavior of either one electron or a pair of electrons in an atom .
Eastern Scottish was a bus and coach operator based in Edinburgh, Scotland and a subsidiary of the Scottish Bus Group .
Jorge Castaño is a Colombian professional wrestler who works for many promotions in the United Kingdom .
Media of India consist of several different types of Indian communications media: television, radio, cinema, newspapers, magazines, and Internet-based Web sites .
SWRV was a music video television channel from Music Choice that launched on February 10, 2010 .
The Coventry Motor Company or CMC was a Coventry motor vehicle manufacturer established in early 1896 by H J Lawson's secretary Charles McRobie Turrell and The New Beeston Cycle Company .
Marat Bisengaliev is a Kazakh violinist and conductor of both the West Kazakhstan Philharmonic Orchestra and TuranAlem Kazakhstan Philharmonic Orchestra .
Polish National Government 1863–64- underground Polish supreme authority during January Uprising against Russian occupation of Poland .
Terri Hendrix , offering educational and therapeutic arts programs, including for those who face neurological challenges or physical disabilities .
Alyson Hunter is a New Zealand photographer and print maker, resident in London, who, during the 1970s and 1980s, employed an unusual technique of etching with a chemically modified photographic image .
The United States Bicycling Hall of Fame, located in Davis, California, is a private organization formed to preserve and promote the sport of cycling .
Maureen Diane Lipman, CBE is a British film, theatre and television actress, columnist and comedienne .
The New Kolb Aircraft Company is an American aircraft manufacturer that produces kitplanes for amateur construction .
Richard Wittschiebe Hand is a woman-owned architecture firm based in Atlanta, Georgia with an office in Madison, Wisconsin .
Steve Ogden is a businessman from Bryan, Texas, who is a Republican former member of the Texas Senate representing the 5th District .
Ian Darke is an English association football and boxing commentator who currently works for ESPN and BT Sport .
Bushy's Brewery is a local brewery in Douglas in Man, which was founded by brother and sister Martin and Nicky Brunnschwieler in 1986 .
Artur Gadowski [ˈartur ɡaˈdɔfski] is Polish musician, vocalist of a rock band IRA .
Nic Pizzolatto is an American novelist, screenwriter, and producer, best known for writing and creating the television show True Detective .
BigMachines is a software company, founded in 2000 by Godard Abel and Christopher Shutts and headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois, United States with development offices in San Mateo, California and Hyderabad, India .
Van Hage is a British-based garden centre chain, that has over 50 years' experience in garden plant, garden equipment, design and leisure retailing .
Josh Dolgin, better known by his stage name Socalled, is a Canadian rapper and record producer, known for his eclectic mix of hip hop, klezmer, and other styles such as drum & bass and folk music .
The Bornu Empire was a state of what is now northeastern Nigeria from 1380 to 1893 .
The Dendi Kingdom was a West African state in modern-day Niger founded by the Songhai people after the collapse of their empire Songhai .
Basil McCrea, MLA is a politician who is currently the Leader of NI21 and a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly .
Amakhosi Theatre Productions is a Zimbabwean theatre company based at the Amakhosi Township Square Cultural Centre in Makokoba township, Bulawayo .
Steve Lieber is an American comic book illustrator known for his work on books such as Detective Comics and Hawkman, and the critically acclaimed miniseries Whiteout, which was adapted into a 2009 feature film starring Kate Beckinsale .
Mountain West Energy, LLC is an American unconventional oil recovery technology research and development company based in Orem, Utah .
PTV Bolan is a television channel launched by PTV that broadcasts regional programmes in Balochi language .
Wine of the Month Club is the oldest sustained mail order wine club in the United States, having been founded in 1972 by Paul Kalemkiarian, Sr .
AIXTRON SE is a German-based technology company, which specialises in manufacturing metalorganic chemical vapour deposition equipment, for clients in the semiconductor industry .
OVH is a French Internet Service Provider providing dedicated servers, shared and cloud hosting, domain registration, and VOIP telephony services .
The Union City Reporter is a weekly community newspaper serving Union City, in Hudson County, New Jersey .
Jackson-Triggs is a Canadian winery with vineyards in the Okanagan Valley, British Columbia and the Niagara Peninsula, Ontario .
Amjad Farooq Alvi is a Pakistani businessman, entrepreneur, computer programmer, inventor and IT Industrialist .
Oregon City is the county seat of Clackamas County, Oregon, located on the Willamette River near the southern limits of the Portland metropolitan area .
Samahang Kapatid is a Filipino dance troupe and nonprofit organization that promotes Filipino culture through dances and charity events .
Hesse-Rheinfels was created as a cadet line of Hesse for Philip II, Landgrave of Hesse-Rheinfels , landgrave from 1627 until 1658 .
The General Electric Company or GEC was a major British-based industrial conglomerate, involved in consumer and defence electronics, communications and engineering .
Boris Vladimirovich Stomakhin is a Russian radical political activist, and editor of ""Radical politics"" periodical .
Koodo Mobile is a Canadian mobile brand started by Telus in 2008 and mostly oriented toward younger customers .
Beverly Lynne Hubscher , better known plainly as Beverly Lynne is a Hollywood actress who is mainly showcased in erotic film .
La Pampa is a sparsely populated province of Argentina, located in the Pampas in the center of the country .
Denis Godeas is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Triestina as a striker .
Theinni or Hsenwi is a town in northern Shan State of Burma, situated near the north bank of the Nam Tu River and now the centre of Hsenwi Township in Lashio District .
Carrie Lee is a beauty queen from Sebeka, Minnesota who won the Miss Minnesota USA title in 2005 and competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Mobile, Alabama features prominently in baseball lore, with more players in Major League Baseball's Hall of Fame than any city except New York and Chicago .
Eugene Izotov and the First Prize at the 2001 Fernand Gillet International Oboe competition .
Got Event AB is a company owned by the City of Gothenburg that operates the city's sports venues .
Rutherford University, also known as Senior University International and Stratford International University, was an unaccredited private institution that offered degrees online .
Andriy Donets' is a Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for the Ukrainian First League club Bukovyna Chernivtsi .
Junichi Okada is a member of Japanese boy band V6, which is under the management of Johnny & Associates .
Blair Cunningham is a drummer who has played with Echo & The Bunnymen, Haircut One Hundred, John Foxx, The Pretenders, Paul McCartney, Alison Moyet, Sade, Paul Rutherford, the Indigo Girls, Roxy Music, Tina Turner, Lionel Richie, Mick Jagger, Ray Davis, Andy Taylor, Marius Müller-Westernhagen, Kevin Rowland and The Big Dish .
Jordan Steven Robertson is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Bromley .
Texaco , leading to the long-running advertising jingles ""You can trust your car to the man who wears the star"" and ""Star of the American Road .
Grosset Wines is an Australian winery based in the Clare Valley wine region of South Australia .
The Panama Canal Zone on each side of the centerline, excluding Panama City and Colón, which otherwise would have been partly within the limits of the Zone .
Christy Lorraine Knowings is an American actress, comedian, musician, model, writer, and dancer who served three seasons on the Nickelodeon sketch-comedy series, All That .
Juan Francisco Martínez Modesto, commonly known as Nino , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a striker .
Eve Gallagher is an English singer from Sunderland, Tyne and Wear associated with the house music scene .
Ammar Abdulhamid is a Syrian-born author, human rights activist, dissident, co-founder and president of the Tharwa Foundation .
Electric Tones is an independent record label owned and run by British composer and producer Tim Simenon .
CS Media is a major media company, located in the center of Yerevan, capital of Republic of Armenia .
The Khmer Republic was the republican government of Cambodia that was formally declared on 9 October 1970 .
The Finnish Democratic Republic was a short-lived puppet government created and recognised only by the Soviet Union .
Compellent Technologies, Inc, founded in 2002, was a provider of enterprise computer data storage systems that automate data movement at the block level .
Jacques Brautbar is an American photographer, producer, writer and guitarist, formerly of rock band Phantom Planet .
Virus Music, founded in 2004, is a record label imprint of the independent Greek record company Legend Recordings S .
Kathy Tayler, born 23 March 1960, is a British television presenter and former champion modern pentathlete .
Tada-U or Tadau is a town in central Burma about 10km from the provincial capital of Mandalay .
Hannes Arch is an Austrian pilot, who competed in the 2007 Red Bull Air Race World Series season following a round of qualification held in Phoenix, Arizona, United States during October 2006 .
Robin Teverson, Baron Teverson for Cornwall and West Plymouth, becoming one of the first two Liberal Democrats ever elected to the European Parliament .
Driven Music Group is a record label founded by Korn guitarist Brian ""Head"" Welch, Mark Nawara and Greg Shanaberger .
Norpak Corporation was a company headquartered in Kanata, Ontario, Canada, that specialized in the development of systems for television-based data transmission .
MWEB was founded in 1997 and is today South Africa’s second largest Internet Service Provider .